In the US and EU, elevated interest rates to manage inflation adversely affected demand, while in China, persistent weakness in the property market continued to be an overhang on the prices.
As a result, our net realisations in India declined by about Rs.
In Europe, steel deliveries were around 1.8 million tons in the second quarter on subdued demand and the revenue per ton was down about £50 - 60 per ton in UK and Netherlands on QoQ basis.
The ongoing reline of one of the blast furnaces at Ijmuiden in Netherlands, which accounts for 40% of our production there, has also impacted the Tata Steel Netherlands realisation because of the adverse product mix and other expenses.
The coking coal consumption cost is likely to increase by about $10 per ton QoQ.
Standalone performance was broadly stable, but the UK and the Netherlands performance has been adversely impacted during this quarter.
Before we get into the numbers, I would like to mention that we have received sanctions for the amalgamation of Tata Steel Long Products (i.e.
Standalone NRs declined by about Rs.
On a per ton basis, EBITDA moved lower by about £127 per ton QoQ.
As shown on Slide 34, the steel production was lower due to operational issues and the shutdown of the sinter plant.
Coupled with drop in realisations, this has resulted in lower spreads on QoQ basis.
In Tata Steel Netherlands, the EBITDA loss stood at about £110 million compared to £114 million in 1Q.
As previously explained, we have hedges in place for energy at both UK and Netherlands and the drop in spot natural gas prices has reflected in the 2Q P&L with a lag.
We have also recorded an impairment of assets and provisions for potential restructuring, closure, and redundancy costs in the consolidated financial statements in relation to the UK business.
A deficit in that leads to impairment.
Moving to taxes, there was a sharp drop this quarter.
In the second quarter, there was a working capital release driven by the fall in the coking coal inventory volumes of around 200,000 tons and a drop in steel prices and reduction in debtors.
Overall, the operating performance at Tata Steel Netherlands and Tata Steel UK, higher capex and dividend payout have led to a decline in the cash and cash equivalent by about Rs.
The losses in both regions are increasing.
Obviously, the blast furnace, which is down, accounts for 40% of our volume.
You don't want to end up at the other end of the transition at an operational disadvantage compared to where your peers are.
Sir, would this also entail reduction in your current capital outlay for the Port Talbot capacity because essentially, a part of the capacity will be mothballed, right?
So, its ability to have a more economically stable transition is much higher than in the UK because these assets in the UK have been lagging in their ability to generate cash flows for some time.
That is the reason we are running into the losses.
The spot spreads are very much lower than that.
We are making a loss in Netherlands because obviously, when you run at 60% capacity, the fixed costs get distributed over smaller volumes and at €240/t, you cannot be making money.
So that is part of the reason why we have a negative EBITDA, or we've had NRV losses in the last 2 - 3 quarters.
In case of a conversion model, that falls down to somewhere around 3%.
In India, 3Q is going to be about $10 - 11 per ton higher than 2Q.
And in UK, I think it is going to be about $20 per ton lower in 3Q compared to 2Q.
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited It is a lag effect.
The reason I'm asking is because if I take a 24 - 36-month time frame, where we will be importing steel and servicing the UK market, if the fixed cost does not come down from day 1 or day 2, would it be a continuous drag on cash flows in the UK?
But whenever it happens, it will certainly come down very sharply across the organization.
As I mentioned a while back, because your fundamental EBITDA spreads also come down.
On current spread basis, we would be making losses in 4Q also, I guess, right?
How do we break it into 3 buckets - realisations decline, coking coal cost and relining cost?
On the realisation, 2Q over 1Q for Netherlands was down £61 per ton.
As far as coking coal is concerned, it was down $7 per ton.
But both 1Q and 2Q were bad because you were only operating one blast furnace.
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited To substantiate, the volume impact between 1Q and 2Q, we have sold about 1,00,000 tons lower in 2Q compared to 1Q.
The realisations, as Naren mentioned, was about €60 per ton lower QoQ.
We've been pushed back by certain events and circumstances in the market, but I think we will continue to focus on reducing the net debt from where we are.
Amit Dixit, ICICI Securities But [inaudible] of restructuring and ex of capex, whatever we will incur at TSUK, I think it is safe to assume that given the market conditions, net debt level should come down from here?
Are we going slow because of our balance sheet focus?
And especially given the India growth story and the volume expectation and all, do we think that we are running the risk of losing market share from a capacity point of view?
It says, the International Steel Traders Association have raised concerns about Tata Steel UK utilizing most of the quotas in the past few quarters.
We have seen worse in the past.
The larger concern to me is less of Chinese imports into India, more of Chinese exports across the world because that is already 8 million tons for the last few months, which is not a good situation from an international price point of view.
But internationally, we are hoping and expecting that China will be exporting less over the next few months than they did in the last 6 months.
As part of the divestment process, there was a cooling off period of 3 years.
Also, another question, whether the capex and working capital trends will continue to reduce cash balance in the next quarter?
So once those kinds of things happen, the debt levels will certainly start looking down.
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited FY2025, I think, hopefully, we will go back to the longer-term level because this 8.5 million tons factors a blast furnace down for quite some time.
2,200 per ton higher than 2Q as far as realisations are concerned.
Would there be a production loss in the interim?
The EBITDA margins of downstream are lower than the typical steel business, but the ROIC tends to be higher because these businesses are run like that.
This essentially says that results have been poor at a time when the demand has been quite strong.
And that has created a supply-demand imbalance [inaudible].
The second quarter was really difficult because it suddenly shrunk.
