Tata Steel, as you know, is focused on creating sustainable value and our strategic priorities embodies our commitment to responsible growth while creating an equitable share and prosperous future for all.
We continue to make steady progress on this value creation journey, leveraging digitisation and an agile business model.
During the quarter, steel prices across regions moderated on slowdown in economic activity.
In India, the steel prices were impacted by the global sentiment, but given the resilient demand, it witnessed a lower drop in prices of 3% QoQ than the rest of the key markets.
3,000 per ton, so it is slightly better than that.
Production was broadly stable on QoQ basis, but up 5% on YoY basis.
India deliveries grew by about 6% YoY and have been close to 5 million tons in the last 3 quarters.
Amongst the segments, the Automotive segment had the best ever 2Q sales and was up 7% QoQ.
We have started producing full hard cold rolled coils at the Kalinganagar cold rolling mill and have started receiving approvals from the automotive OEMs for cold rolled steel from Kalinganagar.
Our retail sales primarily to homebuilders have continued to grow and have crossed 3 million tons in the last 12 months.
Our well-established brands, such as Tata Tiscon, Tata Steelium and Tata Astrum, had best ever 2Q sales and revenues from Tata Steel Aashiyana, the e-commerce platform for individual homebuilders, witnessed an increase of more than 70% on QoQ basis.
In the last 12 months, Tata Steel Aashiyana revenues have exceeded Rs.
The downstream portfolio, which consists of our tubes business, our wires business, our packaging or tinplate business, and the DI pipes business is expected to grow from about 2 million tons to 7 million tons, which enables better product mix enrichment.
We are committed to achieve net zero by 2045 and are pursuing decarbonization of operations in a phased manner, calibrated to the regulatory framework, resources, government support and customers in each of the geographies that we are in.
The transition to EAF-based steelmaking will result in the reduction of about 50 million tons of direct carbon emissions over a decade.
Tata Steel Netherlands will shortly be submitting the detailed decarbonization proposal to the Government of Netherlands seeking regulatory and financial support, which is critical to build a long-term and strong business case.
In India, we are entering into an agreement to source about 379 MW of renewable power for our operations, which will enable a reduction of 50 million tons of carbon emissions over the next 25 years.
This will significantly reduce our dependence on coal-based power plants.
Looking ahead, in India, net realizations are expected to improve by about Rs.
2,200 per ton QoQ, aided by domestic demand, which has shown great resilience despite the renewed volatility in the global sentiment.
In UK and Netherlands, the improvement in costs is likely to offset the drop in NRs and drive an improvement in the performance on QoQ basis.
I am happy to share that Tata Steel has received the Safety and Health Excellence recognition for 2023 by worldsteel.
We were recognized for our innovative approach to real-time visualisation of risk movement that aims to provide real-time insights and alerts.
These initiatives display our commitment to achieve zero harm.
This portfolio simplification process will drive efficiencies and prevent value leakages.
Excluding forex gain of about Rs.
464 crores, EBITDA margin was broadly stable at about 19% on QoQ basis.
As provided on Slide 31, the drop in steel realisations was offset by lower cost.
Within costs, the coking coal consumption cost was down by about $59 per ton on QoQ basis, and the conversion costs were down by about Rs 2,600 per ton QoQ.
Our conversion costs have been fairly stable over the last 3 years despite the inflationary pressures in the economy.
At Tata Steel UK, the EBITDA loss was about £132 million compared to a loss of £41 million tons in 1QFY2024.
This has weighed on the cost profile of the operations and led to elevated costs, which offset the decline in the coking coal consumption cost and natural gas spend.
The drop in realisations was offset by the improvement in costs.
Revenue decreased by about £60 per ton on subdued demand but was fully offset by lower raw material costs on decline of coking coal consumption cost and lower conversion costs primarily on decline in the natural gas spend, along with reduced repairs and maintenance costs.
Looking ahead, the completion of BF6 in the third quarter, which is this quarter, should drive the liquid steel production and further improvements in the product mix and cost.
In the above case, the carrying value in standalone was higher than the consolidated business, and that is why this difference.
8,642 crores in the first half, as we keep prioritising growth in India, including expansion of the downstream portfolio across wires, tubes, ductile iron pipe and tinplate businesses.
As a result, the gross debt has remained stable on QoQ basis, but the net debt has increased by about Rs.
Our finance costs are broadly stable on a QoQ basis.
The group liquidity remains strong at about Rs.
As you are aware, Moody's upgraded our credit trading to investment grade in the month of September 2023.
And once we have looked at it over the next couple of weeks, we will certainly progress on this conversation.
As per the proposal that we have agreed with the government and the proposal that we've put forth to the unions, it is important for us to continue to ensure market protection and for which we will continue to focus on ensuring a stable supply chain to run the downstream unit.
Sumangal, I think on Netherlands, yes, the blast furnace relining has extended to this quarter.
We expect the numbers of [inaudible] Netherlands to be better than last quarter, but we expect it to be EBITDA positive only from next quarter, which is 4QFY24.
So, our energy cost, gas prices in the second half should be lower than what it was in the first half in Netherlands.
Volumes should be better.
The costs should also be better.
Of course, the spot spreads are a concern in Europe just now, but we expect that given the current levels, as you know, in Europe, some of the producers have already put down blast furnaces, so there will be a better balance between demand and supply.
Either coking coal prices have to come down or steel prices have to go up.
And post consultation, I think we will be in a better position to tell you when and how we are going to deal with the heavy end, and that would be a better way [inaudible].
And would you expect a similar support that we’ve seen for some of the other European governments that have extended to 5
In the meanwhile, the restructuring cost is obviously more front-loaded than the capex spends, and the restructuring cost will be spent in the first half of the financial year FY25.
To that extent, you should see some savings on maintenance capex, per se?
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited Also, I think there will be a saving on the maintenance opex because there is a significant maintenance opex currently, which goes in UK for the heavy end.
Given the life of Netherlands is also another 6 - 7 years and maybe your discounted value is higher right now, if you have to take a look at impairment, have you taken full impairment of heavy end assets in UK, which means have they been written down to zero?
In Netherlands, the pace of decarbonisation project is high, but in terms of timeline it’s behind the UK at this point of time.
and hopefully, we will be able because Netherlands is fundamentally more profitable.
Satyadeep Jain, Ambit Capital Just a clarification on that cash flow during transition period, just broadly, do you expect it to be cash flow positive?
I think you mentioned in the opening remarks about the coking coal reduction or the coking coal cost increase that we can see in quarter 3, I missed that number.
In Netherlands, it's going to be about $60 - 65 per ton lower.
Against that $100 increase that we are seeing in the coking coal prices in India, we are only anticipating increase of $10 – 11.
Are we benefiting from availability of the higher inventory of coking coal in India operations?
So last quarter, the prices were dropping until September, then it started going up from September.
You had a higher reduction.
I think we had a $60 reduction in 2Q compared to 1Q, and we have $11 increase in 3Q compared to 2Q.
And the reverse is true in Netherlands where we consumed some of the higher cost coal, so we had only a $7 reduction in 2Q compared to 1Q, but we have a $60 reduction in 3Q compared to 2Q.
Ashish Jain, Macquarie Sir, secondly, we spoke about where our costs might go down in the UK in terms of lower maintenance and all, which is well understood.
Shall we also assume that whatever the redundancy is, the cost related to that also goes out from 2Q itself and hence, our fixed costs will decline sharply in UK.
But whenever that happens from that shall we assume the fixed cost will decline?
So therefore, fixed cost is a very important part because once you don't have the heavy end, which is the bleed end of Port Talbot, then you would certainly reduce the fixed cost in one go, but the effect of that takes two quarters.
We will be EBITDA positive.
The first one is, essentially, if you could bridge the gap between TSE EBITDA for last quarter and this quarter in 3 buckets - realisations, coking coal and relining costs, that would be great.
I think we had slightly more volume in 2Q because maybe we sold more.
So, cost gets distributed over lower volumes.
And then there were other costs [inaudible] gas prices and energy prices were also lower.
Repair and maintenance prices were slightly lower.
While we have seen net debt going up this quarter despite the operating cash flow being almost at par with capex.
Now going ahead, the performance is going to improve in India as well as in Europe.
Is this the peak net debt level that we are seeing for the current year and for next 3 - 4 quarters, maybe?
We will certainly want to reduce net debt from where we are.
And in the next 2 years, we should have that capacity up, that's 0.75 MTPA.
In terms of opportunity, we can grow Neelachal from ~1 million to 5 million over the next few years and the plans are being developed.
Because if I compare with what our peers are doing in terms of expansion, at least at this moment, they seem to be a bit more aggressive or ahead of time.
But India is value-accretive growth.
I think India business is always cash positive, and we can, in some sense, fund the growth.
To that extent, the India growth will always get priority.
We are trying to reduce the cash-to-cash cycle in our expansion projects.
To that extent, we are doing a lot more engineering work before we start spending, taking it to a higher [inaudible] levels before we start the spend.
This year, our spend has been higher on India capex, and we will continue to be so in the next year, too.
To me, yes, imports are higher than it has been last year.
The Indian market has been strong, and so domestic prices have been stable because everyone is able to sell what they produce.
If you go back to the 5 - 6 million tons a month level, then you will have more stable steel prices.
But in the meanwhile, as Naren mentioned, the expansion, the stabilisation and the sweating of the assets are continuing.
And if we are confident about repaying some part of it and refinancing the balance, we would certainly want to reduce and get the ABJA bonds paid off in due course of time whenever they are due, mostly next year and then in 2028.
We should start seeing benefit from FY2025, second half in particular.
And then as the ramp-up increases, FY2026 should be the one where we will get the maximum benefit.
I think we will probably give better guidance in the next call.
Blast furnaces ramp up fast.
In fact, we will probably have a bit of extra slabs for some time, but I think we will be in a better position to give guidance in the next analyst call for the next year's volumes.
I think the cash flows are strong enough as projected to support that.
Like I said, demand is strong.
We've seen 10% growth in consumption on YoY basis because all engines are firing, automotive is strong, construction is good and rural markets are picking up.
I think the only gap is a little bit more on what's happening in the international markets and international prices, but domestic is quite strong.
Is it about profitable growth?
We think a 4 - 5 million ton tube business is a good footprint and downstream to support the upstream as well as add value to the upstream.
There, again, we want to double it in the next few years, and that will also be aligned with the Neelachal expansion.
These businesses, which have always traditionally added value.
One is that the value addition, which is the gap between the hot rolled coil and tinplate has shrunk compared to the previous quarter significantly.
But we also see a certain amount of firming up of the value addition and improvement from the value addition that was there in the second quarter.
