TCS/SE/169/2023-24 October 13, 2023 National Stock Exchange of India Limited Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) Mumbai - 400051 Symbol - TCS BSE Limited P. J.
Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 Scrip Code No.
532540 Dear Sirs, Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and six-month period ended September 30, 2023 Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and six-month period ended September 30, 2023, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on October 11, 2023, for your information and records.
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tcs.com.
Thanking you, Yours faithfully, For Tata Consultancy Services Limited PRADEEP MANOHAR GAITONDE Digitally signed by PRADEEP MANOHAR GAITONDE Date: 2023.10.13 18:17:24 +05'30' Pradeep Manohar Gaitonde Company Secretary Encl: As above TATA Consultancy Services Limited 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 Tel.
91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6778 9660 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021.
Corporate identification No.
(CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781
Tata Consultancy Services Limited Earnings Conference Call.
October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the TCS Earnings Conference Call.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kedar Shirali, Global Head of Investor Relations at TCS.
Thank you and over to you, sir.
Kedar Shirali: Thank you operator.
Good evening and welcome everyone.
Thank you for joining us today to discuss TCS's financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2024 that ended September 30th, 2023.
This call is being webcast through our website and an archive including the transcript will be available on the site for the duration of this quarter.
The financial statement, quarterly fact sheet and press releases are also available on our website.
Our leadership team is present on this call to discuss our results.
We have with us today Mr. K Krithivasan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director.
K Krithivasan: Hi, good day everyone.
Kedar Shirali: Mr. N G Subramaniam, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director.
N G Subramaniam: Good evening everyone.
Kedar Shirali: Mr. Samir Seksaria, Chief Financial Officer.
Samir Seksaria: Hello, everyone.
Kedar Shirali: And Mr. Milind Lakkad, Chief HR Officer.
Milind Lakkad: Hi, everyone.
Kedar Shirali: Our management team will give a brief overview of the company's performance, followed by a Q&A session.
As you are aware, we don't provide specific revenue or earnings guidance, and anything said on this call which : Page 1 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) reflects our outlook for the future, or which could be construed as a forwardlooking statement, must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces.
We have outlined these risks in the second slide of the quarterly fact sheet available on our website and emailed out to those who have subscribed for our, on our mailing list.
With that, I would like to turn the call over to Krithi.
K Krithivasan: Thank you, Kedar.
Good morning, good afternoon, good evening to all of you.
This was true in prior quarters as well.
Our operating margin was at 24.3%, and net margin was at 19%.
I'll now invite Samir, Milind, and NGS to go over different aspects of our performance during the quarter.
I'll step in later to provide more color on the demand trends we are seeing.
Over to you, Samir.
Let me now go over financial performance.
: Page 2 of 24
Net income in Q2 was 19%.
Effective tax rate stayed unchanged at 25.8%.
Net cash from operations was at `118.23 billion, which is 104.2% of net income.
Free cash flow was at `113.57 billion and invested funds as of at the end of 30th September stood at `596.77 billion.
The board has recommended an interim dividend of `9 per share.
Over to you, Milind.
Milind Lakkad: Thank you, Samir.
Our workforce continues to be very diverse with 152 nationalities and with women making 35% of the base.
Year to date, TCS has logged 26.4 million learning hours and acquired 2.6 million competencies, including over 350,000 high demand competencies.
Over to you NGS for some color on our segments and products and platforms.
: Page 3 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) N G Subramaniam: Thank you, Milind.
Before I get into segmental performance, I wanted to highlight some changes in how we report segmental performance in our fact sheet from this quarter.
Historically, we reported revenues from North America, Latin America, UK, Europe, and Australia under the industry verticals, separating out other emerging market revenues, products and platforms and a few other small businesses, or those with atypical revenue profiles, in a separate line called Regional Markets and Others (RMO).
In Q2, we made three changes: First, we reclassified revenues from Asia Pacific (excluding Japan), and Middle East and Africa, hitherto part of RMO under their respective industry verticals.
We have provided comparatives for the last four quarters in our fact sheet.
The third change is the renaming of our retail cluster, consisting of Retail, CPG, Travel, Transportation and Hospitality verticals as the Consumer Business Group or CBG.
Let me walk you through our segmental performance now.
As a reminder, all growth numbers are in year-on-year constant currency terms.
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 10.7%.
Let me move on to our products and platforms.
This is the largest and most complex migration of its kind in the history of the market, entailing 4 million policies.
With this migration, the client's entire retail protection business is on TCS BaNCS.
Post migration, the policies are now available to both advisors and customers through digital channels.
Quartz blockchain platform had 2 go-lives this quarter.
TCS ADD Safety went live at a top 10 UK based pharma with its latest version that uses advanced AI algorithms to process adverse event cases, a first of its kind in industry.
: Page 5 of 24
The deep and enduring client relationships we build give us tremendous contextual knowledge of how their businesses runs at a very granular level, the individual processes, and how the underlying systems support them.
The various interrelationships among systems and databases and infrastructure there beneath, all these are extremely useful as we build out our Gen AI capabilities and position our Gen AI services for our large clients.
I will now request Krithi to speak on the demand drivers during the quarter.
K Krithivasan: Thank you NGS.
The TCV of deals signed in North America stood at $4.5 billion.
: Page 6 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) The order book in Q2 had two mega deals BSNL and JLR each roughly $1 billion in TCV versus 1 mega deal in Q1.
We had a detailed press note on the JLR deal, so I won't spend time on that.
So let me give you a high-level overview.
BSNL selected TCS to roll out a modern 4G and 5G mobile communication infrastructure across India covering 100,000 telecom sites.
The project involves supply, planning, design, installation and commissioning and optimization of this mobile network, satisfying a detailed set of requirements conforming to 3GPP standards.
Our solution caters to needs such as trusted source of components and equipment, advanced RF planning, intelligence on the edge to support cognitive network operations, software driven radios and reconfigurations and so on.
This is part of the Government of India's efforts to build indigenous telecom technology and local manufacturing of telecom gear.
TCS and partners have integrated the EPC Core, RAN and NMS and have started the rollout of the network which is expected to be completed in stages over the next 18 months.
The other interesting thing is that we also saw several large deals featuring first-time outsourcers.
For instance, we were selected by the British Council, the UK's international organization for educational opportunities and cultural relations, to transform its professional services function that includes finance, procurement, human resources and digital technology.
: Page 7 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) Last quarter, I had highlighted how clients have taken to TCS’ integrated operations model, wherein we take ownership for the entire slice of operations, from back-end to front-end, along with the underlying application and data estates and the IT infrastructure layer.
We call this integrated offering, Business-as-a-Service.
In keeping with our business-as a-service value proposition, TCS will take full ownership of the operating stack, with an integrated solution across customer interactions, which includes voice, chat, email, and social, and support for the IT applications and infrastructure.
Speaking of Gen AI, it continues to dominate our conversations with IT and business leaders in every market.
We are coinnovating with clients across multiple industry verticals, executing proofs of : Page 8 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) concept and pilots, and helping them draw up the Gen AI strategy and roadmaps.
Last quarter, I shared examples of client engagements, exploring the use of Gen AI for contract administration and customer service automation.
Many of the projects we executed this quarter are conceptually similar, focused on task automation around knowledge abstraction and content creation.
Slightly more mature clients are taking a broader enterprise-wide approach to Gen AI deployment.
For a European airline, TCS is helping re-imagine its core business functions, leveraging Gen AI and analytics to create a future-ready enterprise.
The TCS team co-presented with the CTO to the Board and is now engaged in helping draw up a holistic Gen AI strategy.
A leading US-based specialty retailer is partnering with TCS for multiple Gen AI-led interventions to enrich customers as well as employee interactions, including customer request handling, virtual assistant for shopping, knowledge management, designs for creatives, marketing and sales collaterals, and code enhancements.
Some other organizations are using Generative AI to reimagine an entire activity.
A good example is a client in the construction industry for whom we are using Gen AI to prepare the preliminary architectural plans for a new building project.
The AI generated designs are then validated and detailed out by the human team.
While these are examples of standalone deployment of Generative AI, we are also beginning to bring larger transformational projects that involve multiple : Page 9 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) technologies where Generative AI is infused to address specific parts of the value chain.
We believe that as the technology matures, we will see more instances of activity level automation and eventually end to end value chain transformation using Generative AI in combination with other technologies.
Last quarter, I had mentioned our plans to train a large number of employees on Generative AI.
Going beyond skilling and certifications, we are launching an AI Playground that will be an alternative work environment where TCSers can safely and securely access various Generative AI platforms and a curated set of startup technologies from our COIN or co-innovation network partners.
This will give them the hands-on experience of experimenting with large language models, trying out new ideas and building out solutions to real-life business problems without exposing data in our network.
Over time, we plan to hold hackathons in the playground, throwing challenges for TCS’ best and brightest to solve, using these opportunities to identify the most talented engineers within the organization and nurture their talent.
Our various product and platform teams are working towards leveraging Generative AI to create differentiating capabilities in their respective products.
ignio, our flagship AIOps product, has been at the forefront of leveraging AI to drive autonomous operations.
The latest enhancement to its knowledge accelerator module leverages large language models to extract information from various sources, create a comprehensive enterprise context, and gain a deeper understanding of each organization's unique environment, challenges, and objectives.
We have also launched AI Assist, an intelligent conversation engine designed to offer plain language explanation of diagnosis and resolutions, as well as insights for continuous : Page 10 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) improvements generated by Ignio.
AI Assist uses Gen AI's ability to understand language, capture context, and learn from feedback.
In TCS OmniStore, we are adding Gen AI plugins to augment product discovery, create personalized buying guides for customers, store management operations, automation of marketing campaigns and promotions.
We are also introducing Generative AI to automate our product helpdesk and support operations.
TCS Optumera, which already uses AI and ML to finesse product pricing, will now see the infusion of Generative AI in the pricing process workbench for merchants.
The TCS ADD product team is working on Gen AI-enabled solutions for narrative writing, pharmacovigilance, health authority submissions and intelligence search.
Here are some examples.
A leading UK bank partnered with TCS to help renters living in shared accommodation with an app that helps with bill splitting and in building their credit profile.
TCS designed and built the app which scans through monthly payment of customers, pulls rental records and automatically shares it with credit bureaus which helps in improving renters’ credit profiles.
Using open banking capabilities, the app is accessible to anyone with an eligible UK bank account and enables the bank to cross-sell, upsell its products and services to even non-customers.
A leading Nordic insurer is pursuing a completely new business model with a subsidiary in the mobility space.
: Page 11 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) The new venture is building a mobility ecosystem that offers a wide range of services like tire replacement and used car servicing using a TCS-built digital platform and mobile app as a direct distribution channel to acquire new customers – that is, car owners – to whom insurance can then be cross sold.
We are helping a global fashion retailer in Europe to reimagine the visual merchandise planning and commercial rehang process.
The collaborative, intelligent, digital solution enables visual merchandisers to plan and optimize store layouts, presenting locally relevant assortments based on integrated insights of sales and stock information and performance targets.
Store data is now available on a daily basis compared to the weekly cadence earlier.
: Page 12 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) We have been engaged by a large UK retailer to help build out a separate IT estate following its divestiture, and digitally transform its business.
TCS will build a new greenfield digital core by implementing cloud-based ERP platforms to streamline core business functions, including supply chain warehouse management and e-commerce processes.
Lastly, cloud migrations continue apace.
We can now open the lines for questions.
Moderator: Thank you very much.
We have a first question from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie.
Please go ahead.
Ravi Menon: Thank you.
Good evening, gentlemen.
Just wanted to ask you about the BSNL deal.
It seems like the IP that you created is something that lets you compete with the likes of Nokia and Ericsson.
Is this understanding correct, or would most of the IP rest with your partners like Tejas?
N G Subramaniam: Hi Ravi, this is NGS here.
TCS is a system integrator in this opportunity.
For the EPC core software, the IP lies with our partner, C-DOT.
The Radio Access Network is developed and designed by Tejas Networks, and the IP rests with Tejas Networks.
There are a few other things that are required for integrating the software.
For all the network optimization, network planning, cognitive network operations, some of those are traditionally done by the SI.
We have built those platforms.
The IP of those components is with TCS.
Ravi Menon: Great.
Thank you.
We have historically been used to, as investors, perhaps unfairly comparing your with Accenture's outsourcing, that division is what we thought that TCS most compares to.
But now with your focus on growth and transformation, should we think about a larger part of TCS revenues being exposed to a segment closer to Accenture's consulting?
: Page 13 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) N G Subramaniam: No, I don't want to compare it like that.
I think we are focused on multiple types of engagements and cost and optimization, growth and transformation is a broad categorization.
I think consulting is typically included as a part of every growth and transformation opportunity.
There are certain verticals and certain customer segments where we have really built a lot of expertise.
In those engagements, I think what you alluded to, may be true.
Ravi Menon: One last follow-up on the BSNL deal.
There are news reports quoting this deal at `15,000 crores.
So the number that you're putting out, $1 billion seems to be just about half of that.
So is this just phase 1 of the program?
N G Subramaniam: What we have contracted so far with BSNL is this.
But there are things like follow-up activities on some of this, like for example, annual maintenance.
It will come as we progress this.
Overall deal size is something larger because multiple things are there.
But currently what we have contracted is for the supply, installation, commissioning, design and optimization of the network.
That is the one that we talked about, a little over $1 billion.
Ravi Menon: Perfect.
Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you.
We have a next question from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec.
Please go ahead.
Nitin Padmanabhan: Good evening and thanks for the opportunity.
Just wanted some color on the demand, overall.
So just want to hear your thoughts on how one should think about this?
So those are the two questions.
K Krithivasan: Nitin, last quarter also we explained the situation.
: Page 14 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) Also, sometimes such projects end, and we may not have sufficient replacement of those revenue streams.
All these factors are at play, but how long this will last is not a question that we can answer at this time.
Nitin Padmanabhan: Sure, and just one last thing is how do you see furloughs?
Are there any conversations on furloughs?
Do you think, are you seeing any signs to suggest it's going to be normal, or… K Krithivasan: Our planning is based on the belief that it will be normal like every other year.
We don't see any difference.
Nitin Padmanabhan: Fair enough.
Thank you so much and all the very best.
K Krithivasan: Thanks, Nitin.
Moderator: Thank you.
We have our next question from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas.
Please go ahead.
Kumar Rakesh: Hi, good evening.
Thank you for taking my question.
Krithi, my question was around the revenue side.
Is that inference correct?
K Krithivasan: Mathematically, what you're saying is correct.
There is an increasing reprioritization of long running projects.
There are a few places where a large program may have come to an end.
For instance, in Germany we're doing a large integration.
Once the integration of the two banks came to an end, that was a large revenue stream that stopped, and not replaced by something else.
So both are possible.
: Page 15 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) Kumar Rakesh: Got it.
My second question was for Samir.
Samir Seksaria: I think two points.
Kumar Rakesh: Got it, thanks a lot.
Moderator: Thank you.
We have a next question from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra AMC.
Please go ahead.
Sudheer Guntupalli: Yes, good evening.
Thanks for the opportunity.
NGS, sir, just one clarification on your characterization of the BSNL deal.
When you say you're looking to complete the project in 12 months to 18 months, is it the entire $1 billion TCV will be converted into revenue over the next 12 to 18 months?
Or is there any sizable part of the $1 billion TCV which is also structured as network maintenance revenue over a longer horizon?
N G Subramaniam: When I said the 12 to 18 months, the rollout of the 4G and 5G network for 100,000 network sites is what we will install, we will commission.
In the payment terms with BSNL, there are certain clear milestones.
Of the $1 billion that we have put in place, a part of it will definitely mature within these 12 to 18 months.
Some part of it will be subject to warranty and acceptance by BSNL and things like that.
Overall, it's safe to assume that a good part of this $1 billion is something that we would like to bill and collect from BSNL within 12 to 18 months’ time.
Sudheer Guntupalli: Understood, sir.
So any maintenance will be probably a subsequent phases, any maintenance revenue will be subsequently... : Page 16 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) N G Subramaniam: Absolutely.
It could be subsequently or it could be even concurrent.
For example, at the end of the six months, if we have completed one zone consisting of a few circles, then we might go ahead and contract the annual maintenance, etcetera, specifically for that circle.
Sudheer Guntupalli: Understood, sir.
Thanks for that.
And Krithi, we know it's difficult to second guess the macro and sorry for persisting on this aspect.
But given you have seen these clients over, let's say, multiple decades, multiple macro cycle, any specific macro events, outcomes, time lines or variables these clients are looking forward to now, post which they may sort of bite the bullet and move forward in terms of spending and ramping up the deals?
Currently, the CY 23 outlook, and some people are extending it to CY 24 also, is uncertain.
Until then, this will continue.
Sudheer Guntupalli: Sure sir.
Is that a fair assessment, sir?
Milind Lakkad: Yes, that is a fair assessment.
Sudheer Guntupalli: Thank you, sir.
All the best.
Moderator: Thank you.
We have a next question from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities.
Please go ahead.
Sandeep Shah: Yes, thanks.
Thanks for the opportunity.
This is almost happening in the sector, including for TCS for last two to three quarters.
Is it the right way of looking at it?
: Page 17 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) K Krithivasan: Sandeep, all the deals are yielding the revenue as per plan.
We have not had delays in the revenue conversion on the deals we have signed.
So there is no change there.
Sandeep Shah: Okay.
Okay.
And just another question to CFO, sir.
In terms of margins, how to look at second half margin?
And collectively, we have been focused on specific initiatives, which have helped us deliver this.
And as I said in response to the last question, we'll try to use the same levers and continue the journey.
Sandeep Shah: Okay.
This would be despite the BSNL headwind, which could be there on margins?
Samir Seksaria: We manage margins at an overall portfolio level, and don’t call out deal-specific headwinds.
Sandeep Shah: Okay, okay.
Thanks and all the best.
Samir Seksaria: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you.
We have our next question from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities.
Please go ahead.
Vibhor Singhal: Yes, hi.
Thanks for taking my question.
So sir, a couple of questions from my side.
What is the outlook on that segment?
Are we seeing any signs that spending might come back in : Page 18 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) a quarter or two?
Or what are the client conversations in the overall retail segment specifically?
And then I have a follow-up question.
K Krithivasan: So, on the retail segment, your observation is correct.
Vibhor Singhal: So no signs of conversations with the clients, which could hint that some -their expectations as to what are they looking at?
K Krithivasan: As I was mentioning before, they look at one, what is the forecast for the coming quarter if they expect there's a certainty on growth or they look at what is the projection on spending.
Once one of these two comes back, the retail sector will also start investing.
So, but there could be a holiday season optimization also.
Vibhor Singhal: Got it, got it sir.
Also, just one follow up question in terms of just a bookkeeping question.
Vibhor Singhal: Got it, got it.
And do we expect this thing to maybe continue?
And so do we believe this headcount reduction will continue for some time?
: Page 19 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) Milind Lakkad: We will continue to look at all the other parameters including growth and based on that, make the calls.
I expect the numbers to be, may not be this high or maybe similar or may be little more than zero - in that range in the coming quarters.
Vibhor Singhal: Got it sir.
Thank you so much for taking my questions and wish you all the best.
Moderator: Thank you.
We have our next question from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial.
Please go ahead.
Abhishek Kumar: Hi, good afternoon and thanks for taking our question.
I have a question on deal wins.
Just wanted to understand, given that the contribution of the deal now is more cost take out.
How should we look at ACV of the deal?
K Krithivasan: There is no specific call-out on that.
I think that ACV has remained similar to what it was before.
It's more or less same as before.
Abhishek Kumar: Okay.
My next question is on Gen AI.
I was just wondering about the investments that we are doing or many of our peers are doing in Gen AI.
Essentially, it looks like we are reprioritizing our own budgets for investing in Gen AI.
Is it something that clients are also kind of creating investments in Gen AI in a similar fashion?
And therefore, it is at best kind of a net neutral from a demand perspective?
N G Subramaniam: I think it's safe to assume that it is neutral, primarily because I think we are in an investment cycle like our clients.
We as a company are also investing a lot in training our employees, in creating learning platforms and you know separate environment, like we talked about the AI Playground, which we launched, in which we are making available all the digital infrastructure tools and technology in which people can train and people can actually develop things, right?
And get used to how this particular technology works and that can be meaningfully deployed to our clients.
There's a lot of investment happening outside.
Our clients also invest in the technology to do small projects, proof-of-concepts, a proof-of-values and then structure typical use case and so on and so on.
We also invested in cataloguing : Page 20 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) several use cases by verticals and by technology to see how this particular technology can meaningfully deliver value on a sustainable basis.
Abhishek Kumar: Great.
That was helpful.
Thank you and all the best.
Moderator: Thank you.
We have our next question from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley.
Please go ahead.
Gaurav Rateria: Hi, thank you for taking my question.
So the first question, again, coming to revenue.
There are multiple moving parts, which is inflow of new work, project completions and reprioritization of existing book.
That’s a fair assessment.
Gaurav Rateria: Secondly are there anything to call out with respect to any unusual project completions, which are scheduled in second half which is keeping your optimism under check?
I understand the leakage part of the business, but just trying to understand any project completions, which also could be one of the reasons for keeping your optimism under check?
K Krithivasan: Gaurav, nothing material that comes to our mind.
In fact project completions will take place in the normal course, but nothing very material that comes to mind.
Gaurav Rateria: Got it.
Last question on the margin levers front, how much more room we may have on the utilization and productivity metrics.
Those would still continue to be levers in the near term in 3Q, 4Q point of view?
Thank you.
Samir Seksaria: Yes, Gaurav.
Those will continue to be levers.
And utilization as well as some flab sitting on the direct cost itself, are levers.
So all of it, which you mentioned, that : Page 21 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) is, productivity, utilization and in the given environment, the subcontractor costs also, continue to be levers in Q3 and Q4.
Gaurav Rateria: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you.
We have our next question from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities.
Please go ahead.
Mr. Moshe Katri you may please proceed with your question.
As there is no response, we'll move to the next question from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital.
Please go ahead.
Rahul Jain: Yes, hi.
Thanks for the opportunity.
I just wanted to understand little bit on the rationale of reassigning this regional markets and others segment.
So which region do we ascribe to and what is left now?
K Krithivasan: Rahul, we wanted to give you all a global color of what is happening in a given industry vertical rather than splitting them into regions.
And where there's still a lot of volatility, we continue to keep in Regional Markets and Others.
We continue to keep India, Public Services, Japan and Products & Platforms in the Regional Markets and Others line.
It's to ensure that we can give you more global color at the industry level.
Rahul Jain: Okay.
So what I understood is that India, Japan and product and platform is broadly the component in this at this point?
K Krithivasan: Exactly, in the regional market.
Yes.
Rahul Jain: Yes.
So does that also mean that are very large portion of P&P implied -- would it be Japan and Europe?
K Krithivasan: : No, I didn't get the last part, Rahul?
Page 22 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) Samir Seksaria: No.
Rahul Jain: Yes, I understand.
Probably I'll take it offline.
Thank you.
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today.
I now hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments.
Over to you, sir.
K Krithivasan: Thank you, operator.
Our net margin is at 19%.
Generative AI continues to drive client conversations.
Lastly, our Board has recommended a second interim dividend of `9 per share and also a share buyback to a tune of `17,000 crore at `4,150 per share.
With that, we wrap up our call today.
Thank you all for joining us.
Enjoy the rest of your evening and -- or day and stay safe.
Thank you.
: Page 23 of 24
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call October 11, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) Moderator: Thank you, members of management.
On behalf of TCS, that concludes this conference call.
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
_________________________________________________________________________________ Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings : Page 24 of 24
