The newly won deals are converting into revenue as expected, but these revenue inflows are getting neutralized by reduction in the existing revenue base as the transformation projects get completed, or RTB projects get optimized, or in some cases, downsized.
This has led to muted revenue growth.
And our accounts receivable was flat sequentially at 65 days’ sales outstanding in dollar terms.
LTM attrition in IT services was at 14.9%, down 2.9% sequentially, close to our historical range of 11% to 14%.
With these two changes, revenue contribution from RMO is down from over 17% to around 11%.
However the revenue accretion is soft.
The second is you did mention that reprioritization and cutting discretionary has been sort of driving revenue headwinds.
Like you said the reprioritization is also a factor into that like a large project may get reprioritized into smaller chunks or maybe slowed down.
And lastly, to Milind, so the headcount reduction we have seen is purely because of the fact that we have not fully replaced the normal attrition during the quarter.
But this year, in the second half, we will also have some headwind coming through BSNL deal and what I believe the $1 billion deal will have a thin margin.
In the first two quarters, we have seen the top line being sluggish.
In terms of the vertical performance that we are looking at, Retail continues to be quite weak, I think, for multiple quarters.
Like it's been a tough quarter.
But this quarter has been tough because we are seeing that even the essential spending has also come down.
This time even essential has been quite weak.
But as I said, I cannot call it when it will turn, but it's been, as I said, multiple subverticals within retail have been weak, like essentials normally will be strong, but this time it's been weak, which has resulted in this weakness.
Currently while the spending is still reasonably high, household savings in US have come down which is creating some sort of uncertainty.
And as a result, and also because of lower attrition, we kind of recalibrated our gross hiring and those numbers are less than our attrition.
And hence, there's a net reduction.
Our growth was affected by the holding back of discretionary spends by clients.
Our LTM attrition in IT services fell further to 14.9%.
