With that, let me start with the key highlights of our Q2 performance: • We grew at 3.2% sequentially in constant currency.
The growth was broad based after 4 quarters with all segments growing sequentially.
• Transport and Plant Engineering led the growth with around 4% growth in each.
• Our deal wins were strong – 7 deals of $10M plus of which six were above $15M each.
We also had two significant empanelment deals.
Like our growth, the deal wins were also broad-based in nature.
Q2 FY24 Earnings Call October 17, 2023 • Our operational performance continues to be healthy with EBIT margins of 17.1% nearly flat on a sequential basis even as we absorb the wage hikes of our employees and investments into capability building.
Let me now start and provide a more detailed segmental view and outlook: Starting with Transportation, • We had a good quarter with 4.4% QoQ with all 3 sub-segments – Auto, Trucks & Off Highway and Aero growing.
• Similar to our investment in EV 2 years back, we are accelerating training and capability building in SDV or software defined vehicles, to take advantage of the next wave of spending.
• Our EV play continues to be strong with Trucks and Off Highway customers also moving up the investment curve towards high power EVs.
Overall, we are excited about the number of large deals in the pipeline and new technology conversation we are having with our customers, which should continue to drive growth in Transportation.
In Plant Engineering, • We had a strong quarter with nearly 4% QoQ growth that was broad-based across FMCG, O&G and Chemicals.
• In FMCG, there is a continued capacity expansion happening with automation and digital twin being the investment focus.
Q2 FY24 Earnings Call October 17, 2023 The deal pipeline in both the U.S. and Europe continues to be healthy that will drive strong growth for us in Q3 and beyond.
• Digital manufacturing and the use of AI and robotics is driving demand for us.
Customers are enabling such technologies to improve internal efficiency and speed up time-to-market.
• In Q2, we won a large deal with a global machinery company to set up a software center of excellence in India, catering to their digital transformation needs.
• Sustainability is another driver of growth as customers look to measure and track carbon footprint over their product life cycle.
We continue to see growth in IP, which will be driven by digital products and digital manufacturing.
In Telecom & Hitech, • We grew by 2% sequentially despite challenges in the Semcon and Consumer Electronics portfolios.
• In Semiconductors, we are engaging more on the new age chip sets that are designed for AI and cloud computing workloads – which has allowed us to keep growing despite the challenges.
• Our Palo Alto partnership is progressing well.
• We won our first large deal of $10M+, leveraging SWC capabilities in the global market.
Our superior end-to-end technology stack for wireless and 5G communications that is becoming a key differentiator for us, helped us win the deal.
• In the Nex Gen Comms and Sustainable Smart World space, we won two large orders in India – one for setting up an advanced communication system for a metro rail, and the other for implementing a state-wide smart metering system.
• In the Media side, we are also seeing large deal opportunities with vendor consolidation and cost optimization being the key drivers.
Q2 FY24 Earnings Call October 17, 2023 Overall, we are optimistic that with the key pipeline and deals we are likely to close, growth will continue.
Near term we might still see some volatility in the Semcon side, although the Media and Nex Gen Communications parts are likely to keep growing.
Lastly, in Medical, • We had a good quarter as we improved on the growth momentum sequentially.
• Last quarter, I talked about how we are seeing traction improving in the large deal pipeline in Medical.
Happy to share that we won two deals in Q2, each of them close to $20M in TCV.
o In one, we will be developing a next-generation platform to bring out products faster into the market.
In the other deal, we will help our customer in sustenance and manufacturing optimization.
• Digital, especially in areas like process automation, optimization and productivity improvement powered by AI solutions are seeing increased demand.
Q3 will be a soft quarter for us in line with seasonality, although we expect growth to bounce back Q4 onwards.
We had a total of 53 filings in Q2, and as you are aware, the pace of patent filings has increased – our cumulative filings are near the 1,200 mark from around 1,000 a year back, and I'm happy to share that this is 10th quarter in a row that we have filed 50 patents for ourselves and our customers in the quarter.
• I would like to highlight that in the EACV domain Everest has rated LTTS as the #1 service provider in Electric, and among top leaders in Autonomous and Connected.
Q2 FY24 Earnings Call October 17, 2023 • These conversations are helping us to advance the resilience, growth and transformation agenda of our customers, while also adding more large deal engagements to our pipeline.
• The deal pipeline we see makes us very optimistic about our growth sustaining – and you can see this is also reflected in our headcount addition in Q2.
• We are therefore revising our FY24 revenue growth guidance to 17.5% to 18.5% in CC.
Summing up, we had a good quarter, and the deal wins and customer traction make us confident that our investments are helping us to be on the right side of the future work and expansion.
With that said, I wish you all a very happy upcoming festive season.
I am pleased to share that our Q2 FY24 performance – it has been another quarter of good results with healthy addition of deals and consistent operational performance.
Happy to note that after fully integrating SWC within LTTS, we have seen our first large deal win in the global markets leveraging the joint capabilities.
Our revenue for the quarter was ₹ 2,387 crores, a growth of 3.7% on a sequential basis.
We have been able to maintain EBIT at 17.1% after absorbing wage hikes and investments in technology that Amit highlighted.
These headwinds were offset through operational efficiencies, better SGA leverage and cost optimization measures.
The combined DSO, including Unbilled stood at 118 days compared to 117 days in Q1, which is within our target range of 115-125 days for the year.
We continue our efforts in improving collections and maintaining healthy free cash flows and we will see further FCF improvement in H2 FY24.
On a sequential basis, $ revenue growth was 3.2% on constant currency basis and 2.9% in reported terms.
We saw a broad-based growth in Q2, with all segments growing quarter on quarter, led by Transportation and Plant Engineering segments.
The segmental margin performance was better in 3 out of 5 segments on a sequential basis, with improvements in Transportation, Telecom & Hitech and Plant Engineering segments.
We are working on measures to gradually improve this metric.
The T&M revenue mix was 64.2% in Q2 in a similar range as compared to Q1.
Client profile – which indicates the number of million dollar plus accounts has shown a sequential improvement in the $30M+ category.
The client profile will continue to improve in the coming quarters.
Client contribution to revenue all three categories, Top 5, Top 10 and Top 20 have shown a slight improvement as compared to Q1, and we expect this trend to continue going forward.
Q2 FY24 Earnings Call October 17, 2023 Headcount increased sequentially by 488 employees, while Attrition dropped by 220 basis points to 16.7% as we see an impact of various employee engagement measures as well as the industrywide trend coming down.
We continue to focus on profitable growth and maintain our operational rigor.
We are proactively taking measures to balance these headwinds through productivity gains and cost optimization.
We maintain our aspiration to be at 17% EBIT levels in FY24 and to get back to 18% EBIT levels by H1 FY26.
With that, wish everyone a happy festive season ahead.
Vibhor Singhal: Great to see a mix of very broad-based growth across all the segments, so congrats on that broadbased growth.
One, if I look at the last quarter, when I had come to this call and before that as well, I've been talking about the fact that the number of deals that we have got in our pipeline – $10M+, $20M+, right -- and $50M+, even three-digit deals – is higher than where it was last year.
So, the results have been that we've been able to sign the 7 deals that were $10M+ in Q2, right, out of which 6 of them are $15M+.
In addition to that, in the current quarter also, that is Q3, which is progressing right now, we have signed $20M+& $10M+ deals, three deals that have been signed in the last two weeks as well.
Now the reason that we've been prudent and cautious slightly in terms of the guidance to saying 17.5% – 18.5%, though our internal targets are to reach the original numbers that we had told you, is that the market in the last 3 weeks/5 weeks has changed slightly.
But we continue to work, we continue to be optimistic.
Great to hear those words of optimism from somebody at least in the industry.
Now in this quarter, we have won this deal as you mentioned, with the SWC capabilities being added.
And do you think that could increase the growth that this segment could see given the Telcos globally are bleeding.
One, what's happened is with the 5G – with the SWC acquisition, our skill level, our skill depth, our expertise has definitely gone through a shift and a change towards the positive way.
That is helping us in having more mature conversations with Telecom Infra OEMs as well as Operators and actually, at times, it's really spilling over also with some of the Media work that we are doing that borders on this.
In Q3, i.e., in the last two weeks, we have closed the cyber deal of $10M+, again, with an international customer, these are at LTTS standard margins, right?
The Second thing that we are seeing, and we talked about the deals we have won in India with Smart World, is we are proud to say the work that we have won in Smart World in India actually Page 9 of 19
We've seen some smart city opportunities there as well.
Akshay Ramnani: Congrats on good execution on margins.
So, during last quarter's earnings call, you mentioned that SWC has a seasonally stronger H2.
Now when I try to look at the numbers where you have given revenues for including SWC and excluding SWC for FY23 and take the difference out there, it appears that in Q2 of FY23, SWC is having strong sequential growth & it also appears that H1 was stronger than H2 in FY23.
And also maybe comment on how did SWC is performing Q2 of the current quarter, if you may add did you also see that seasonal uptick in this quarter?
In fact, if I take away the SWC revenue from the quarter, same quarter last year, the growth is approximately 16% for us as a company, right?
The whole idea was – 1) take the business international, 2) take away the seasonality to the extent possible and cyclicality to the extent possible 3) to improve margins in India and become value-added rather than just being a reseller/provider.
So, to be seen as we go forward, there are some good deals that are in the pipeline for the business as well.
We won our first order for the license as well, and we are doing more in that area.
And also is our utilization now closer to peak levels because looks like that was one of the levers to margin this quarter?
So, we do see attrition levels stabilizing.
That allows us to be able to leverage the bench better, have a smaller bench, if I may, and tune hiring to make sure that we are not losing so many people, be able to actually free up some people that are there and have them work, improve utilization.
We will continue, like Rajeev mentioned, we are a path of profitable, sustainable inclusive growth, right?
So far, we've onboarded & we're getting a similar number this year.
Then with respect to margins, Rajeev, the sharp decline in SG&A expenses that we've seen this quarter, and this is especially with the number of sales employees increasing.
So let me clarify, the increase in headcount that you see is largely on the enabling side.
As we grow, we also need to ensure that our enabling functions are able to cope up with the increase in demand and of course, the scale of business that we operate in.
That has been another area that has given us benefit.
Second, given that we see that there are challenging conditions that's always prudent to think optimization.
We indeed optimize our G&A costs.
Third is we've had lower stock option cost in this quarter relative to previous quarters.
Now in terms of sustaining the levels, we believe that we have been in the range of 10%.
While I mentioned this, there are, of course, a lot of opportunities that we see on the gross margin side.
We did go through with our increments and we feel there's a good opportunity on improving the utilization on freshers.
We also believe that there are going to be further opportunities in terms of optimizing on subcontracting or TPC cost, offshoring, we mentioned about it and travel, right?
And between gross margin & SGA continue to see that we maintain our aspiration of 17% EBIT for FY24.
So does that mean that there is some sort of conservatism baked in the full year guidance and 18% expectation in 1H FY26 because the way we absorb the wage hikes in this quarter, ideally one would imagine this happens throughout the year.
We believe it all played out well, we should be able to come slightly better off.
So like I said, we maintain our 17% EBIT levels in terms of aspiration for FY24 and continue to look at the stack of cost as to how do we optimize or allow the scalability in terms of investing in technology.
And how confident are you to achieve the guidance because it still requires 2% to 3% CQGR you're in H2?
So, I would like to confirm to you that internal targets are higher than the guidance, and we will continue to strive to see that we meet those and do well, right?
And we are seeing a fair amount of reception back from the customers on that.
We are fairly confident that, we are going to be able to close them in time to make sure that we meet our guidance as we go through.
And as we look forward, we see the momentum continuing and being stable over the next few months and few weeks that we have in front of us.
So, one, we are in active dialogue, conversations have engaged in a partnership model with silicon majors, where we are getting our people – One, trained on the latest chips and how will they be leveraged on high-performance computing chips.
Second, we are -- we have won smaller contracts, and then we are looking at bigger contracts to do semiconductor design for these highperformance chips for SDV.
Second, with OEMs and Tier 1s, we are working closely to ramp up work for them.
There are double-digit deals that we are currently in play in our pipeline in the SDV area that we are trying to actively pursue and close and ramp up.
Third, we've actually leveraged our Global Engineering Academy to try and develop the skills internally and retrain people.
And Q3, historically, it hasn't been really bad for LTT, if you want to look at it.
Number two, Semcon and ISV, my belief is that the pain will be over by Q3 and in Q4, things should turn around in Semicon and ISV.
In addition to that, there's a couple of deals going on that we have got that could help us in the quarter, this and next one, if we are able to sign them.
Ravi Menon: And I know for you, Transportation is not just Auto, but really strong growth there.
And not just that, I would go a step further and say that one thing that we've been able to leverage very successfully, like for SDV we did.
Pipeline again, is higher than it was same time last year and continues to grow.
Amit, the decision-making delays, what you mentioned, is it just on the deal closures or also in terms of project ramp-up because it seems like the deal closures have been strong for you.
And secondly, if I look at the geography, it seems like a lot of the growth was driven by Europe and India, while US was soft.
Number one is that the deal tenure that we were winning has increased; if we were winning deals that were 2.5 years long, now those deals that we are winning now are on an average about 3.2 years long, right, is what's happened.
At that point of time, and now what we've seen is, September, October, though, we've been successful, right?
There is still new age areas that people are ramping up in and that is giving us an advantage.
In fact, I would say most of the wins we are getting now is in newer age areas rather than the older sustenance engineering – older areas that were there.
Europe has done very well for us.
And we had said that we will grow Europe.
We've done extremely well in the last couple of quarters.
And knock on wood, I do see that growth continuing.
Not only that, but Japan has also grown for us.
And I'm, again, complementing the team that has worked hard Japan to grow not just automotive but Automotive, Hitech and Industrial Products.
But we have expanded our sales engine.
I still have a hunch, it may turn out to be slightly better, but we don't know yet.
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on good execution.
And just a clarification on the data point that you mentioned that the revenues could be $800K to $1M higher before the UAW strike.
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good execution, especially on the margins.
While international, meaning the U.S., like the colleague prior to you saw very rightly, the U.S. was a little light, while Europe, India did better.
And we expect stuff to turn around in Q4 because we believe that some of the new products coming out will require workforce to be added.
So, you said and I think, you also said earlier that last month or so or last few weeks that trends have shown a little bit of a slowdown, but on the other side, you also said that furlough, you expect them to be better than last year.
And last year, we were in a fairly robust demand environment.
Now we don't have a crystal ball and we will continue to improve ourselves and work on this is what I would say so.
