On Industrial Products, • We had a slightly softer growth in Q2, which was led by Electrical Machinery and Power and Utilities while Building Automation had challenges.
While growth momentum has continued, the pace has been slow on account of decision-making delays and some stress in the sub-billion customer set.
• Having said that, there has been increased uncertainty with the events that have unfolded over the last few weeks – and these developments are still evolving.
Other Income was ₹ 29 crores, lower on a sequential basis due to lower income from investments.
Let me highlight the key line items: DSO came in at 102 days at the end of Q2, flat as compared to Q1.
This was slightly lower due to final dividend payout of FY23 of nearly ₹ 320 crores.
Realized rupee from Q2 was around 82.84 to the U.S. dollar, a depreciation of nearly 1% versus Q1.
As Amit mentioned, in the short term there are headwinds to growth arising from the current macro environment.
What in your case has led to that small discrepancy in the revenue, which led us to downgrade our guidance?
And the deal velocity is slightly slower.
One, you are aware of the UAW strikes from mid-September that has been happening in the US, which has put a pause on a couple of projects that we were working on.
There have been very few monetizable cases of 5G & Telcos across the world has not been able to ramp up there, let's say, ARPUs or their revenue profile because of 5G adoption?
So, the sub-500 QoQ addition while it is positive, but I guess still lower than maybe your estimate of 750 net adds at least in Q2.
So, is it fair to say that this was because of demand deterioration through the quarter?
So just trying to understand what has led to this sharp decline?
So, while we've seen the gross margin come down this quarter, it is truly because we value our employees as an important stakeholder.
So, there should be more tailwinds to margins and 2H versus what we are implying right now?
In the current environment in the last month or so has not been that great.
So is the slowdown in between cycles across verticals for you or some verticals are more stressed than others at this point of time.
Now number two, do we see a slowdown happening across.
See more than a slowdown, I would call it caution.
And we are not sure whether we'll be able to leverage the working days in this quarter to work on it or will it slip to next quarter.
Q2 FY24 Earnings Call October 17, 2023 U.S. Now where are we seeing a little bit of headwinds.
We are seeing headwinds in the U.S. in semiconductor and ISV space.
We could have done maybe $1M potentially more this quarter, had the UAW strike not happened, that cut us off about $700- 800K this quarter.
Any early signs on furlough from clients, what are you hearing from clients in the combination regarding the December quarter furlough it is higher or lower or status quo compared to historical value level?
So, is it fair to assume that the organic growth could be lower than 3.4% on a QoQ basis, that is what you are assuming in the guidance, excluding SWC?
And what is your view on the Consumer Electronics, which we were expecting some amount of slowdown in the 1Q outlook?
And the second question was on consumer electronics where you're slightly expecting a pain in the 1Q earnings call.
So ISV and Semcon, we've been signalling that -- there was -- we saw cuts in work being given to us and that impacted us negatively in Q1and in Q2.
