Attrition is down 330 bps to 18.9%.
Q1 was a one-off as we were impacted by decision making and supply delays by customers that slowed down the pace of ongoing projects.
Moving on to Telecom & Hitech, • Organically, we had a marginal decline, although when combined with SWC, we were up year on year.
• As we had indicated in the previous quarter, there is a weakness in the Semiconductor side.
However, the Semcon challenges may persist for another quarter.
Organically, EBIT margin was slightly down on account of investments made for large deals.
As we had highlighted earlier, SWC business has a lower margin profile.
Moving to below EBIT Other income came at ₹ 35 crores, slightly lower on a sequential basis due to lower income from investments.
This was primarily due to cash outflow of purchase consideration of ₹ 800 crores for SWC acquisition at the beginning of this quarter, which led to lower interest income.
On Attrition, pleased to share that it declined to 19% levels.
We believe it will continue to trend downwards.
Realized rupee for Q1 was at 82.2 to the US dollar, flat compared to Q4 FY23.
So, in the past 2 to 3 quarters, we've seen some volatility in this business.
I come to FY23, and yes, there was a one-off decrease in Q3, but it continued to the upward trajectory, right?
And because SWC is a cyclical business, you're seeing, of course, Q1 to be lower relative to Q4.
One, from a Semcon standpoint, there is a little bit of pain that's there in terms of, you know, they are shifting; consumer electronic devices are not being sold so much, so the demand is not there.
I do believe it's a quarter off, but we don't know.
Q1 FY24 Earnings Call July 18, 2023 Rohan Nagpal: One quick question on your India business, notice that there is a significant reduction in the -there's about a $10M reduction in your India business.
SWC has been a lower margin business, more so because most of the revenue has been India-based, right?
Secondly, in Semcon and Consumer Electronics, like I said, there's a little bit of pain left.
Third, any project that doesn't have a profit pool or a revenue pool associated and is being done for the love of mankind or womankind is getting delayed.
