Let me provide you key highlights on our Q1 performance: • We had a quarter of growth despite the macro challenges and slowdown in decision making in some pockets.
• Overall, we grew by 10% YoY in constant currency.
The comparison on YoY is more like-to-like given the fact that H2 is always higher than H1 for the Smart World & Communication (SWC) business.
• Our revenue grew by 0.6% sequentially organically with Transportation leading the growth at 4%, while Medical and Industrial Products had about 0.5% to 1% growth.
• Overall, organic sequential growth was 7.5% YoY in constant currency.
Q1 FY24 Earnings Call July 18, 2023 • Operational performance was strong with EBIT margin at 17.2%, which is post the addition of SWC.
PAT was at ₹ 311 crores, up 13% YoY.
We were rated as a Great Place to Work (GPTWTM) in India again and Poland for the first time.
We expect this trend to continue.
Starting with Transportation, • Strong show of 4% QoQ growth that was broad-based across the sub-segments – Auto, Trucks & Off Highway and Aero.
• Demand continues to be strong, led by EV and Connected Cars in Auto, Electrification in Trucks and Off Highway, and Avionics in Aerospace.
• We won a $10M+ deal with a Transportation customer who had earlier chosen us as their preferred engineering partner.
• We continue to invest in Transportation capabilities for the future like softwaredefined vehicles (SDV).
• In the connected car area, we are seeing incremental opportunities to manage SOC/NOC – by leveraging our SWC capabilities.
Overall, we see a good pipeline of opportunities across all 3 sub-segments and expect the growth momentum to sustain.
In Plant Engineering, • This differentiated segment remains on solid footing.
• We see a bounce back in the next quarter as the pace of decision making, regulatory and other factors have seen an improvement in June and July.
We won a $15M deal from a global Agri food company to provide engineering design services for their new plant in Europe.
Will also help us set up a local office in Europe for Plant Engineering and strengthen our European presence.
• This large deal, along with a few 5-10 million dollars deals that we won, gives us good growth visibility in Q2 and the coming quarters.
• Across all 3 sub-segments of O&G, FMCG and Chemicals, we are seeing good opportunities on the sustainability side with companies wanting to use advanced technologies to recycle water, waste plastic, etc.
We are confident of growth in Plant Engineering in Q2 and beyond.
At Industrial Products, • We grew slightly on the back of good demand from the Machinery and Electrical segment though we were hit by decision delays in Building Technologies and Power segments.
• We see a rising adoption of Digital in multiple areas like Supply chain and productivity improvement under the larger Industry 4.0 initiatives.
• This is leading to an increased scope for deploying AI, private 5G and cybersecurity as spends in software platforms, factory automation and sustainability increase.
• We are focused on making accelerators and reusable solutions that can be used to reduce the time to market and improve ROI for customers.
• We won a $10M deal in Q1 with a US customer to optimize supply chain and improve manufacturing efficiency.
Overall, we see a good pipeline of opportunities in the digital space and expect the growth momentum steadily to build up in Industrial Products.
Let me discuss organic Telecom & Hitech business first: • The key highlight of the quarter was a $50M deal with a US based Hitech customer to enable new opportunities for digital video platform.
Q1 FY24 Earnings Call July 18, 2023 products and optimize it for better user experience using AI, ML and Generative AI as we move forward.
• We are seeing more such opportunities in the Media sub-segment as customers look to engage us to develop their next-generation digital platforms.
While this industry is still in inventory correction mode, we are moving up the capability spectrum and winning some deals in key areas – I would like to highlight a post-silicon validation deal that we won in Q1, which will involve setting up a design studio offshore.
• As we partner with chip companies to develop new-age chips for cloud computing, data center as well as Automotive industry, our growth is set to pick up.
• We are also seeing good opportunities as global ER&D companies move manufacturing from China to India.
One of the $10M deals we won in Q1 is of this nature as we partnered with a global technology giant to provide next-gen Wireless and Product engineering from design labs that we set up in India exclusively for the customer.
• Let me share the progress in 2 channels that we've activated for SWC: o Our gameplan of taking SWC global has seen early wins, including critical partnerships with telecom service providers, equipment manufacturers and execution of these deals should start in Q2.
o I am thankful also to our enterprise customers who are actively engaging with us on specific opportunities in nexGen communication, some of which should close shortly.
We were awarded Cybersecurity deals which have already started execution.
In Q1, we had a few wins in nexGen Communications overseas, and we see the momentum building with the pipeline increasing.
We believe the measures we have taken will create a robust foundation for future growth and transition this business from domestic only to a mix of domestic and international business.
Summing up, we do see growth in the combined Telecom and Hitech portfolio driven by Media and Telecom.
Lastly, in Medical, • We see strong demand for Digital as customers prioritize areas like Medical deviceas-a-service (MDaaS), Connected devices and Cyber-security.
• In Q1 we signed a $15M deal to design and develop a Digital Surgery Platform that will connect with the customer’s robotics, surgical and operative devices, and be used to deliver better outcome for patients.
The pipeline of deals gives us confidence that our growth momentum should improve as some of the large deals close.
• Our growth is tied to our long and strategic relationship with customers.
• These organizations are advising us on our direction and investments so that we can bring more relevant offerings to the market, build stickier relationships, thus helping us to elevate our customer lifetime value journey.
Q1 FY24 Earnings Call July 18, 2023 • The large deal we won in the quarter are an affirmation that our customers continue to spend on transformation technologies.
We remain front and center as a choice ER&D service provider who can deliver speed-to-market, cost synergies and innovation.
• We are accelerating our investments in 3 emerging technologies, AI, SDV and Cybersecurity.
We are strengthening our AI team in the coming months to achieve our goals.
• Let me conclude by saying that we grew in Q1 despite delays in decisions and deal closures getting pushed out.
The pace of deal closures has improved from June onwards which combined with a healthy large deal pipeline which is bigger YoY and QoQ, gives us the confidence of growth momentum strengthening in the coming quarters.
• We maintain our FY24 USD revenue growth guidance of 20% plus in constant currency.
Let me, with that, wish you good health.
I'm pleased to share our Q1 FY24 performance – It has been another quarter of good results with healthy addition of deals and operationally strong performance.
Q1 FY24 Earnings Call July 18, 2023 Starting with the P&L First, to address Revenue Organically, Revenue for the quarter grew 0.6% on a sequential basis and 12.6% on YoY basis in INR terms.
On a YoY basis, our double-digit growth trajectory continues with Q1 revenue up 14.7%.
SWC business at current state delivers higher revenues in H2 as compared to H1 on account of seasonality.
I am pleased to share that our Q1 FY24 combined EBIT margin came in at 17.2%.
Amit has referred in his opening comments, we have won, a $50 million deal in Hitech segment.
Hence, on a combined basis, Q1 FY24 margins have come at 17.2%.
Overall, we've been able to integrate SWC as planned and maintained operational performance within the range that we had aspired for.
Net income for the quarter was up 13% on YoY basis, and came in at ₹ 311 crores, which is 13.5% of revenue.
We are pleased to inform that we have improved on the DSO of this business since then.
On a combined basis, Q1 FY24 DSO has come at 117 days within our expected range of 115125 days for FY24.We will continue our efforts to improve on combined DSO.
This reflects our operational rigor on improving combined DSO.
Our Cash and Investments rose to ₹2,394 crores by end of Q1 FY24, which is after payment of ₹ 800 crores for the SWC acquisition.
Moving to revenue metrics: On the combined financials, $ revenue was up 9.1% in reported terms and up 10.0% in constant currency terms on a YoY basis.
Organically, $ revenue saw a 0.6% sequential growth in both reported and in constant currency terms, led by the Transportation segment.
The segmental margin performance was better in 2 out of 5 segments on a sequential basis.
Our Telecom & Hitech margins came in at 8.8% in Q1 vs the then reported 12% margin in Q4 FY23.
This is on account of lower margin profile of SWC business, and investment made on large deal win.
We expect the margin trajectory to improve as we transform SWC business.
Q1 FY24 Earnings Call July 18, 2023 Moving on to operational metrics To begin with onsite:offshore mix, Offshore percentage now stands at 59.3%, compared to around 57% then reported in Q4 FY23.
This increase reflects the fact that currently SWC business is completely offshore based.
Talking about T&M revenue mix, Fixed price percentage is at 35.6% compared to around 29% then reported in Q4 FY23.
Client profile – which indicates the number of Million dollar plus accounts – has shown a sequential improvement in the 30M+, 20M+, 10M+ & 1M+ categories.
The client profile numbers have seen an improvement over the past few quarters, and this trend will continue in the coming quarters.
SWC has added a few large customers to our client base including one $30M+ account and 3 additional accounts of $10M+ Talking about client contribution to revenue – On a combined basis, Top 5, Top 10 & Top 20 have shown a slight uptick as compared to Q4.
This sequential increase of 1,159 employees includes the addition of around 800 people from the acquisition of SWC.
We continue to focus on profitable growth and maintain our operational rigor.
This will help us achieve our aspiration of 17% EBIT levels in FY24.
In Q2 FY24, we will offset headwinds from wage hikes that are effective July'24 through a combination of growth and operational efficiencies.
But given the delays and push outs which you saw in the first quarter, what is giving us the confidence of delivering a 10% organic growth in FY24?
Because currently, if I kind of do a rough number crunching, it looks like your compounded quarterly growth rate would be upwards of 4% for the next 3 quarters.
If you could just help us walk through what really is behind this confidence of maintaining the revenue growth?
But given the facts that First, pipeline is stronger now than it was a quarter ago and YoY; Second, the 6 deals that we have won, those have gone into execution, and Third, there are other deals in the pipeline that we are expecting to close or very close to closing, I do have confidence of retaining the guidance.
Now also, on SWC, it's H1 to H2 business, H2 being much better than H1.
Given that you have seen scaling up in these 6 deals in the last few months, is the confidence also kind of baking in a fairly strong second quarter, which gives you enough buffer for any potential trouble down the line in the second half?
Second, I'm betting on the fact that some of the deals that we are sitting on in Semcon or in Consumer Electronics will close faster than what I saw in Q1.
And thirdly, I do expect H2 to be better than H1 as we stand today.
We are working on all 3, in fact, I should confirm to you that net headcount will go up by at least 750 people in Q2 as compared to Q1, and we're already on our way to making those offers, people have been joining us.
So fairly comfortable and confident.
So fairly good conversations, candid conversations, I'm fairly comfortable.
We don't expect that the other expenses will increase or decrease materially.
We saw a decline in Q3, and then we saw a sharp bounce in Q4, and we thought that the vertical has sort of recovered.
Now the issues could be different in different quarters, but just trying to understand that what's giving us the confidence that the volatility which we have seen in the past 2 to 3 quarters will not recur in the coming quarters?
If I look back at FY22, if I go back to FY22, and I see there was a constant increase QoQ, every quarter, right?
Additionally, we are winning new digital factory and digital plant deals from customers in Plant Engineering that give us the confidence that we will see upward trend from here.
I also want to share that now we have established outpost in the US for clients in Plant Engineering, that should help us in terms of engaging a lot more local talent, and the same will be happening in Europe.
So, we’re fairly comfortable with it.
Q1 FY24 Earnings Call July 18, 2023 subcontracting costs and of course, a lower legal cost as well and nothing to do in relation to the SWC business.
Typically, you will see H2 to be better off compared to H1.
So that's the reason we say that you tend to see H2 to be better off compared to H1.
One, the point that I made that H2 is better than H1, and hence, you're seeing that Q4 had better off revenue for SWC when compared to Q1.
Second, when you compare Q1 of this year to Q1 of last year, in fact, we have done better, right?
And there has been news of a lot of aggressive hiring from them.
If I look back and I look at the number of STEM graduates coming out of colleges in India, it's huge.
So, they will find their ways to Global Competency Centers (GCCs) Now here's the good news and the silver lining.
So, if I look at it, the India pie itself has grown, right?
I do welcome the whole ecosystem being built up in India because overall, it adds to the fundamentals of the ER&D business and companies like us.
Is there a significant differential for our potential customers to say that the Indian ER&D service providers like us still have a better edge in terms of executing projects at a much better cost efficiency versus them doing within their captive or in-house?
So, I will not say we pay less, our cost structures are lower.
But having said that, I again will reiterate, together we are creating an ecosystem that is good for India and good for sourcing from India.
It looks like we've seen some good revenue addition there.
It's almost as good as what we saw last year.
So, it's more relative in terms of when you look at the growth for North America, and that's probably because we have restated the SWC financials in Q1 as well as in Q4.
And consequently, the proportion of business that you see shows a growth in North America when compared, right?
Ravi Menon: And Amit, on the semiconductor, we are starting to see the decision cycle get better.
So therefore, there's a shift happening, in fact, and we see that spend coming.
We do believe that in about a quarter's time, we will see the growth trajectory come back up again, and we are confident of the progress there.
From a capability standpoint, I do believe that we have capability across the spectrum.
Sandeep Shah: My first question is, last time in the Q4 earnings call, we said that more than 20% constant currency growth and the organic growth would be more than 10%.
Or do you expect that growth could be slightly higher in the case of SWC calculation because the first quarter run rate for SWC on YoY has been healthy.
So, whether the 10% plus organic growth guidance still stand?
I'm confirming 20% plus constant currency, H2 better than H1.
So organic growth will also be more than 10%?
Do you expect all verticals to show strong growth going forward, or do you think that some verticals will do better than the others and hence they will do the heavy lifting to offset weakness in maybe some other verticals.
So, from an industry standpoint and growth standpoint, I do believe that Transportation will continue the strong growth we've had because of the differentiated story of EV that we have created and the early investments in SDV that we are doing.
We believe that growth for that will continue, not maybe at the same rate of Transportation, but better than what we have done this quarter.
We do see the growth continuing.
Our backlog is fairly strong, and people continue to call us for designing of newer plants, expansion, Page 16 of 20
Q1 FY24 Earnings Call July 18, 2023 etc., and with this outpost we are creating in the US which has already been staffed, we are very confident that it will grow.
Now the two areas that I am a little conservative about – one is Hitech, even though nexGen communication will continue to grow given 5G cybersecurity, I don't know how long the pain in Semcon and Consumer Electronics will continue.
And finally, in Medical, we've had some good traction, some very nice dialogue around connected platforms, QARA, AI.
I would invite my colleague Abhishek, to talk a little bit about investments we are making in AI and SDV that will help us in terms of growth as we move forward.
The good news is, from a timing perspective – the SWC acquisition that we made the whole NGC, next-gen communication skills that comes through that and the cybersecurity area are a direct fitment into the SDV space.
And interestingly, cybersecurity is a sweet spot for us because vehicle SOC is something that need automotive skills and deep cybersecurity skills, and this acquisition gives us both in a very nice way.
I mean as we speak, we're already doing at least 4 or 5 SDV programs for most of the customers in Europe right now, and we see a decent pipeline on the SDV front.
Here also, I think the domain expertise that we bring to the table – it's very clear that AI is not just going to be about technology, it's about domain as well, and our deep domain expertise in these areas definitely helps us take some good strides ahead.
The work we do with hyperscalers, Semcon partners, I think this is a great recipe for different domain segments coming together to provide domain-specific AI solutions to customers.
In both these areas, we are investing big time in internal trainings and the partnerships with various entities in the ecosystem itself.
Now the other 5 deals that are there, the $10M+ deals, they have all gone into execution, I want to confirm, towards the last week of June, right, and ramping up as we speak and should get to steady state sometime in this quarter.
So, what we have done as a team is that we've improved our funnel.
We've increased the number of deals that we are chasing.
And I believe that, therefore, we are comfortable with the fact that we'll have to put in more effort to be able to do this.
Therefore, we've beefed up our recruitment engine as well as well as Abhishek is very passionate about the Global Engineering Academy, which is also running full time to make sure that we are able to repurpose people, turn them around, etc.
I mean, you mentioned the deal pipeline is quite strong, has improved materially.
So, if you can quantify what is the QoQ or a YoY improvement in deal pipeline that will be really helpful.
Q1 FY24 Earnings Call July 18, 2023 And specifically, which are the areas where you are seeing good deal pipeline in that context?
I mean you are appearing to be more optimistic on the external environment when compared to your earlier commentaries.
Amit did talk about that we've beefed up our sales leaders in U.S., in Europe, in Middle East.
Second is in terms of improving the EBIT margin.
And of course, taking it international will help us getting comparable margins much like our heritage business.
Third is in terms of improving DSO.
So, as we do deals with global customers, we will see DSO terms closer to what we have in heritage LTTS business.
Of course, Amit did reiterate in terms of the growth aspiration, which is 20% plus, including the SWC acquisition.
If I look at external environment, the fact that we are in 5 segments is what gives us confidence when one goes down, another goes up; It is a portfolio.
Number two, being an end-to-end engineering provider from mechanical to hydraulic electrical to plant engineering to digital skills, and in that across the track from VLSI to hardware to software, firmware – all that gives us the confidence that we are fairly in the right place.
So, the number of $50M+ deals, the $25M+ deals for us at this stage is higher than it was last quarter, or same quarter last year.
Now, so that’s what gives us the confidence.
But having said that, we continue to be agile.
We are thinking ahead of the market, and I believe that these investments will carry us forward.
So, are we comfortable at these numbers?
The aspiration certainly is to improve at the back of 18% EBIT margins by Q1 FY26.
So, we believe over the period of these next 5-6 quarters, we should be able to improve the ROE.
With that, we're signing off from this quarter's call and have a good day and wish you all a great day ahead.
