At the beginning of the year, we have set out to achieve the following objectives: improve our market share on a pan-India basis, continue to launch industry-leading products, refresh and strengthen our network, grow our non MHCV business, improve operational efficiency and This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 reduce costs, drive bottom line improvement, generate cash, improve returns, and improve the performance of our subsidiaries.
I'm happy to state that we have been able to check all the boxes and the strategy will continue in the coming year as well.
We continue to be the most profitable CV company in the country today, and we will continue to pursue leadership on that front along with growth and market share.
Speaking on market share, FY '23 has been a remarkable year as we enhanced MHCV market share across regions and product segments, which was done profitably.
At the end of the year, our MHCV market share was at 31.8%, 4.7% higher than the previous year.
The AVTR range has been a true differentiator and instrumental in the growth of MHCV business.
We have grown the share in MHCV in MAV, haulage, tractor, and Tipper.
While we gained market share in ICV trucks by nearly 5%, we are now focused on expanding the ICV range to enhance our presence further.
We are also very well geared to capture the opportunities in CNG when the market opens up again.
As we have shared with you at the beginning of last year, the bus market is fast expanding with COVID lockdowns behind us, we are witnessing growth in all segments of bus market as well.
We will pursue market share growth by filling in product gaps and expanding our network.
The focus now is to expand market share in the North and East where we believe that we can scale up to 30% in the first stage.
While our international business saw volume growth of 2.5%.
FY '24 should see further growth in exports as well.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 All non-MHCV businesses, such as aftermarket and power solutions have shown healthy growth.
Going forward, we will be expanding the LCV network in the non-South region, and this should help for further growth.
Research houses have predicted a growth of CV TIV of 8% to 10% in FY '24.
Ashok Leyland's aim will be to beat the industry growth.
FY '24 CV demand is likely to surpass the previous peak of FY '19.
The growth in TIV will be supported by government infrastructure spending, strong replacement demand and a healthy traction from core industries like steel, cement, and mining.
As mentioned, bus sales are set to grow at a faster pace due to sharp increase in mobility post the pandemic.
Further growth is possible with enforcement of scrappage policy as well as increasing urbanisation and replacement of the JNNURM buses bought in FY '10- '13.
Tonnage addition is expected to further improve due to better product mix that is trend of higher growth in MAV and tractor trailer demand.
Improvement in industrial activity in the country, B.
Commodity prices are expected to soften in FY '24 and this tailwind along with better realization should help industry margins to improve further.
Ashok Leyland will continue its market share enhancement, revenue optimization cost reduction and cash flow management and aim for significantly better financial outcomes in FY 2024.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 Auto Expo held at Delhi in January this year, provided a great opportunity to demonstrate our technological readiness for the future.
Ashok Leyland's balance sheet is strong enough to support this initiative.
Switch's presence is growing, and I'm happy to share that our products are performing extremely well.
Q4 revenue stood at a record Rs.
11,626 crores, 33% higher than the previous year.
Q4 PBT before exceptional items has more than doubled to Rs.
2,280 crores during the quarter, and AL was net cash positive by Rs.
36,144 crores, which is higher than last year by 67%.
This is actually the highest ever revenue reported by Ashok Leyland.
That is 8.1% and up from Rs.
PAT, profit after tax after exceptional items for the year has gone up 2.5 times and is that Rs.
One, we remain very positive and optimistic on the future of electric vehicles and Switch is very well positioned compared to many of its global competitors.
Two, going by the positive developments in the industry, we believe Ashok Leyland is well poised to deliver doubledigit EBITDA margins in the current year, and we plan to aim for midteen EBITDA targets in the medium term.
I think there's been some impressive control quarter-on-quarter.
The other expenses have grown 22% Q-o-Q versus top line, which has grown close to 30% Q-o-Q.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 Gopal Mahadevan: See Muthiah, as I have mentioned and as Dheeraj mentioned, we have been having a considerable amount of cost -- I won't say it reduction, but optimization.
This is something that we have actually been able to retain it at something like 2015, 2016-17 levels without inflationary impact.
It went to 6.5% in Q2, it went to 8.8% in Q3 and then it was 11.0% in Q4.
Steady improvement in margins and faster rates of improvement in margins.
This has happened because of realization improvements, operating leverage because of higher volumes and that operating leverage has happened because we have been able to rein in the expenses.
But you can do a trend line now going by the last 4 quarters or even for the last few years because what has happened is we are forecasting about as Chairman mentioned -- I'm sure you're going to hear Shenu also say this, that we are expecting the industry to grow this year, I mean all the research agencies have also mentioned that there is a 10% to 12% growth.
When that happens, what we would want to do is to ensure that we secure operating leverage on that growth and improve the bottom line further.
And you are going to see a faster acceleration in EV business, which is why, as Chairman mentioned, we are extremely confident about our tapping the potential of EV and we will continue to invest into this business.
And the e-mobility service as things go further, will start to mature.
And will become even more profitable as the volumes start to pick up.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 Ultimately, the whole trick about EV is that at the moment, the capital cost is higher, but the operating cost is negligible.
Or this is going to be the last year of growth in terms of from a cyclical perspective.
As Dheeraj said, we are very optimistic about the industry, not just for this year, but we also think the industry would go for a long-ish positive cycle this time.
I mean for this year, like we said, most of the research houses are bagging the industry growth.
Overall, industry growth at 8% to 12%.
And we also think that industry growth should be in that direction.
So yes, very optimistic.
But after that, we think that the growth would be back.
And for the whole year, we are very optimistic.
And as you know, India is moving at a very fast pace and is expected to become the third if not the fourth largest economy.
And in that context, the growth will go hand-in-hand for our business of commercial vehicles, trucks, and buses.
And irrespective of that, we were still able to grow slightly because of the expansion we've done in the Middle East and the African market.
There is hope that during this financial year, many of the SAARC markets come back as well.
So I would say that we are optimistic of international sales improving.
And as you are saying, looking outwards personally, we feel that the cycle for CV has this traditional growth of 3, 4 years.
We've only had one good year so far.
FY '24 is looking good.
And we do feel that this growth momentum should continue beyond FY '24 as well.
And Dheeraj and Shenu both as in which of the categories where you're seeing strength, which is kind of giving the visibility and I understand the industry is got -- the fleet industry is got heavily formalized.
Dheeraj Hinduja: So I would say that for us in this last year, we have -- as I mentioned, we have grown in every product segment.
And the growth definitely seems to be across the board, although the LCV segment has not grown as fast as MHCV and even the predictions for this year are in the range of around 5%, 6%.
But barring that, I think we remain quite optimistic from ICV to MAV, tractors, haulage.
They are all showing quite positive signals.
So like Dheeraj said, I think this overall momentum will continue in most of the segments.
We have done very, very well in MAV, tractor trailers and tippers in the last year as is evident from our numbers.
So you know we are very, very strong.
So we are going to -- we hope to gain from that momentum, that growth momentum.
And we hope to gain substantial market share there as well.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 more because that's actually quite surprising to hear given how the cost base has moved for the industry, right?
Because percentages trying to push margins higher is like actually quite ambitious, given how inflation of the environment has been.
I think, look, one of the key areas for us that has helped us gain our market share as well as the product performance of the AVTR range in BS VI has been very good.
The advantage of having this modular program has been that we've been able to rationalize the lot of our supply base, which has led to a lot more efficiency as well.
And as Gopal was explaining, a lot of internal cost control has been achieved.
And as we see with the softening of the commodity prices comes in as well, we do feel the opportunities of achieving double-digit EBITDA margins and moving that further into the future should be possible with the volume growth as well, market share growth, volume growth, we are going by the performance of the last financial year, quite optimistic in terms of having identified pockets where further cost reduction opportunities exist.
And as I said, the product range itself -- the modularity does help us significantly.
But I think there are 2, 3 things that we have to remember in FY '22-'23, one of the key things that has happened is there possibly has been increase in primary demand.
After FY '19, we thought that FY '20 will be a great year after -- before the launch of BS VI, but it was a flattish year.
That is why we are also optimistic about at this point in time that we're sitting in the month of May, we are optimistic about the growth in '24.
One, the mix of large fleet operators versus first-time buyers, first-time users, the tilt in FY '22, '23 has been more in favour of large fleet operators.
One, they are also waiting for the industry to mature demand to keep going up.
The second thing is replacement demand will start kicking in now because we believe that just as Shenu had mentioned or Dheeraj had mentioned, I think this industry has a bit of potential because --what is happening is, on one side, there is a lot of regulation coming in on environment, pollution, ESG.
But the other tailwind that may come up is we have seen the peaking of interest rate.
And even with the high interest rates in the last year, what has been surprising has been the level of demand that has come in.
I mean the last year the industry has grown at about 40% or so.
This year in macro terms will be relatively easier but with a higher base.
But even with this, if we have a 10% to 12%, it's a very good thing for the industry.
I think, see, firstly, I would like to say that there is, I think, a big realization in the entire industry.
I think that realization is definitely there that we have to increase our profitability level.
And definitely, this new modular AvTR platform-based products are being accepted very, very well.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 And on back of this strength, we have been able to have much better price realizations last year.
Gopal Mahadevan: In April, we took about a 2% price increase.
So for us, we are extremely happy about the outcome, because this has been a great year for the industry.
For the industry to be sustainable, we need to improve pricing and we are seeing that happening in the current year.
And I would also add one more positive in this.
One is pricing retention has been better.
So the industry was to deal with this intelligently, it should actually shift its margin base to the next level.
2% price increase in April, does this pertain to the BS VI Phase II RDE transition?
Yes, I mean, we have had some impact of OBD II norms, but not a big impact.
But this is a general price increase to cover rising cost as well as to increase our margins.
Gopal Mahadevan: Hey Gunjan, what has happened is last year, the peaking happened in the beginning of the year, where there was a huge increase and all of us are expecting steel prices to go further and further up etc.
And then the steel prices started to inch up a bit.
But after that, we know that China's demand has cooled off again significantly.
So we are -- the outlook on the steel prices for the current year is that we would see prices coming off in -- Q2, Q3, Q4 itself.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 happen, which is going to be pretty good for us because the industry benefits immensely from steel price reduction.
As I told you, one of the most important, you heard Chairman say that you're very extremely bullish about Switch.
So this is certainly a benefit that Switch is having and that is how, Switch is actually gaining acceptance very quickly in India.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 EV is going to gain more and more traction and maybe even H2 ICE for that matter, right, alternative forms this energy.
The balance sheet of Ashok Leyland is very strong, and we have the ability to fund the expansion of Switch, and we will continue to do that.
And we remain quite optimistic because this 12meter bus has the potential for not only the European market, U.K., Europe, and the Middle Eastern markets as well.
So this year is a very high capex year for Switch predominantly for the new products, the 2 new LCVs, electric Dost, electric Bada Dost.
Congratulations on a good set of results.
And as I said, we have earmarked certain areas or certain product segments where we need to beef up our product offerings, including the international markets.
So that capex has been going on for the last couple of years, and we just want to accelerate that further so that we can bring these products in the market in the next 1 or 2 years.
I think Hinduja Leyland finance is already well funded.
Is it gross profit positive EBITDA positive?
Anything on the order book that it has so that we can build revenue against these investments?
So in the initial period, one can't expect it to straight away, become EBITDA positive from year one.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 tell you is that with each passing order, we are getting better and better at this, we are actually extremely confident about the performance of the product and more importantly, also about the uptime of these products.
With the launches of a larger product portfolio, we believe that the traction in the business will start to gain faster.
And the market is also evolving because year-on-year now the market has started to grow.
And you will see that the EV business volumes will start to scale up.
Second is, if I look at your market share on overall period you are at like 2 decades high with these exception in LCV.
Shenu Agarwal: VRL order, we are very, very proud to get them back and they have been associated with us for many, many, many, many years.
I think it's on multiple accounts that we got that order back, and we are really proud of it.
Pramod Amthe: Second one was related to a short- to medium-term market share ambition because you're already at a two decade high on the overall MHCV market share, if I have to look at near 18%.
Shenu Agarwal: Dheeraj has also said in his opening statement -- confident.
And the reason for that confidence is also very clear.
But if you have -- if you see our market share in North and East in FY '23, we have had a very significant jump, roughly about 4% to 5%.
While we grew in -- I mean all the zones, but we are really happy about the North and East growth in our market share, which is already like touching 24%, 25% now.
So that is giving us a lot of confidence because the network is shaping up.
We are investing a lot in our service reach as well.
And customers have started appreciating that.
So that gives us the confidence, not just the product on the product side, on the success of the AvTR This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 modular platform, but also that we have been able to place the right set of dealers in the markets where we were traditionally weaker.
I'll tell you that the treasury team has done a good job in locking some of the debt at fixed rates and the interest rates were low.
But some of the earlier debt that was taken as the seven quarter, which is extremely low when compared to the current interest rates.
And later ones are like quite higher, like just like slightly higher than these numbers?
It won't be very high because we keep borrowing every year.
But see at the rate that the industry is growing and with better improved margins, I believe that the pressure on the balance sheet for going in for debt will also be much, much lower.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 Gopal Mahadevan: Believe me, that is extremely efficient management.
And at these levels of volumes, I think the manufacturing operation and product teams have done a great job in actually reining in the capex of Rs.
That's very, very important to note and be very clear that while we will ensure that we are invested for all future growth.
So we will invest, but we are very, very clear that the whole organization is actually driving towards productivity.
Not only in revenue maximization, cost efficiency, but even in capex.
So the operating teams are actually working and doing how do I better productivity out of this capex, out of the facility.
I think I would just like to emphasize a few areas that I believe that I've heard that are concern, one is the continuing growth of the commercial vehicle cycle and whether beyond FY '24, the market will continue on a stronger note or not.
We believe the Indian economy is growing quite strongly.
And in conjunction with that, the commercial vehicle market will continue to grow as well.
Ashok Leyland Limited May 24, 2023 We are one of the few that have successfully executed new products and which are running well.
We are one of the few companies that are operating in multiple geographies from India, SAARC, Europe, U.K. And we're very confident that we can grow this business very robustly for the future.
And finally, seeing the performance of the last financial year, we would like to emphasize that we remain very optimistic on our ability to perform equally well in the current year to grow our market share and at the same time, do it on a profitable basis with strong EBITDA performance as well.
