The business environment as you all know has been uncertain.
Inflation is at high as have interest rates.
Conversion of order book has become slower.
In Q2, revenues declined 2% quarter-on-quarter in constant currency terms.
Though a higher than usual impact of the macroeconomic slowdown, revenues in Americas-II declined 2.3% quarter-on-quarter in Q2.
Europe which has been our growth engine for the last two quarters for our last two years growing by 39% in FY22 and 12% in FY23, has also seen slowing demand and reprioritization of client spend, weighing on the overall business revenues in this market declined 5% quarter-on-quarter.
Finally, in our APNEA business, revenues for the quarter declined 0.5% quarter-over-quarter.
To start with on the revenues, our IT services revenue for Q2 declined 2% quarter-on-quarter in constant currency terms, which is at the lower end of the guided range for the quarter.
There's a lower volume of discretionary spend being clocked if you like with our clients, that is the kind of now type of revenue that we are missing.
We might be a little more exposed than some others because of our significant presence in consulting business in particular.
Kumar Rakesh: My second question was around your strategy of exiting from the smaller accounts and we started seeing the effect of that from last year's fourth quarter and since then the revenue for the IT services has come down by about $90 million.
It appears to be that proactively pruning small accounts at a time when the demand environment could be counterproductive and actually could be one of the reasons why our growth could be getting impacted.
We had at that time 11 accounts over 100 million, which was clearly lower than most in the industries, companies of similar size.
Can that also be contributing or pulling down our revenue?
There's more macro instability, uncertainty, cautiousness, everything.
So, 2.2 billion loss in the line item.
Aparna Iyer: So, Dipesh, to your point on sales and marketing expenses being high, it's specifically in reference to one of the line items on depreciation amortization where we have taken an accelerated amortization pertaining to one of our customer intangibles and that is why it's a one-off and it should normalize over a period of time.
They see the news on the American economy, European economy, the war, here and there, and the fact that all of this is creating a certain level of instability and anxiety.
A lot of people are starting to project themselves and say, okay, it's going to be time to resume some of those programs because the business will obviously suffer from less attention to technology.
Sandeep Shah: If I just look at the third quarter guidance and look at the first 9 months of this financial year, it's likely to be a 4% decline on a Y-o-Y basis in constant currency terms, which would be one of the lowest in the industry and this would be a second period in a row where our growth on organic basis would be actually lower than the industry.
So, Thierry, my question is do we need to introspect our growth strategy, our offerings, do you believe is there any gap in the offerings or is it we have to actually check and introspect our go-to-market model because deal wins are one indicator which everybody is winning but our growth rates have been lagging quarter after quarter and period after period starting from FY22 on organic business?
wipro.com Sandeep Shah: And a question to CFO, Aparna, just in terms of margins, wage hikes are effective from 1st of December and Q3 looks like from the guidance is likely to be a soft quarter.
So, in that scenario, still a flattish or a narrow band movement on the margin is still feasible or there could be some seasonal impact on the margin because of the slower growth and the wage hikes effective December?
There will be pressure on margins.
The efficiency measures have only intensified.
It will be a challenging task, that's why we've said that our endeavor will be to be range bound in terms of what we've delivered over the last few quarters, but I agree with you that there are more headwinds as we start the quarter.
We saw a surprising decline here, any specific industry or country that was responsible largely for this?
It is a surprising decline for Europe.
I can imagine for you given the way we held pretty strongly the previous quarter, I think I'm looking at Aparna just, but to me this is financial services primarily and manufacturing, so two sectors, no, I mean we haven't lost any account or it's not like we've had a drama but certainly some significant slowdown noticed in some of our large accounting in financial services and manufacturing in Europe.
I think certainly the financial services sector has been significantly slower this year.
