The economic slowdown in key regions has obviously weighed on global commodity prices and steel in general.
US and EU continue to face inflationary pressures and a tight monetary policy, while the Chinese recovery has been more muted than expected.
Despite good domestic demand, steel spot prices declined in line with international prices and sentiments in the market.
We had guided last quarter as well, that the blast furnace would be down for relining.
However, the drop in international prices and seasonality have dampened prices.
We expect a drop in realisations of around Rs.
In Europe, our net realisations are expected to drop by about £38 per ton.
The ongoing relining, as I've mentioned earlier, of one of the blast furnaces is taking time and will obviously continue to impact costs in the second quarter as it did in the first quarter.
As provided on Slide 28, there was drop in EBITDA on absolute basis primarily due to lower volumes compared to the previous quarter, as the fourth quarter is typically a seasonally stronger quarter.
As shown in Slide 30, the steel production was lower QoQ given the relining of one of the blast furnaces in Netherlands, but deliveries were close to 2 million tons, as we began to consume the built-up stocks.
Like previous instances, this has led to a non-cash deferred tax of about Rs.
The volatility in the steel markets has also impacted working capital and cash flows.
The coke plant will be commissioned in this quarter and is expected to drive cost efficiencies in the future.
We have been incurring almost $800 million annualised loss at the EBITDA level over the last 3 quarters.
That is why the sales drop has not been as 4
And often times when we have softer steel prices, we do have a challenge in UK.
We should come back to those levels in the second half of the year, but UK, yes, has some structural challenges which we are trying to deal with.
I think, the next quarter will have, as Naren guided, pressure on prices.
The cost impact is already being felt because, with the pellet plant commissioned, we have stopped buying pellets.
Obviously, that is not sufficient for the kind of volumes at which we will be operating, so we will continue to bid for more iron ore mines between now and 2030.
The reason those spreads in the last year became less relevant is when you look at spreads, you don’t look at the electricity prices and gas prices.
But on the reported side, if we have to take structural actions, especially on the UK, some of these actions will have cost implications which will get reflected in the second half results.
I think, sometime back when we had an Investor Day, we essentially said, and I think I can remember I was criticised for saying that, why is your Net debt to EBITDA target so high.
Such things distort it for a while but does not take our eye off the ball, as far as deleveraging is concerned.
So, if you were to apply the carbon tax, anybody shipping from India with a higher carbon footprint will be at a disadvantage.
Because then you're penalising more carbon-efficient industries like the one we have in IJmuiden and importing steel from less-carbon-efficient process routes.
Tata Steel today applies $40 internal carbon pricing, but as Naren mentioned, our carbon footprint is 2.1, so that doesn't make us any way competitive with the CBAM if it was to come in force today.
[inaudible] This is because it is not on the gross basis but on net basis because fundamentally the raw material prices or the coal prices moved sharply down, the creditors numbers came down.
So, I don't see that we are giving up on the $1 billion target.
We may surpass it, or we may fall short of it, but we will keep working on that $1 billion and also the Net debt to EBITDA number, so there are 2 frames in this equation.
In the past, we have also put deleveraging ahead of capex, and by which, we have also slowed down our capex, like Kalinganagar, which in hindsight has not helped us.
And there are volatile earnings, but is there a risk to the target $1 billion net debt reduction not being met because of unforeseen spending in Europe, especially in UK?
We had a similar $1 billion target, but we did not meet it because we started allocating more and more capex to Kalinganagar and the volatility in working capital did affect.
And I think that is important because, once we have done that, we will actually ensure that we get into a level where that cash bleed comes down very significantly, if not to a neutral and positive zone.
The energy hedges have actually been impacting numbers as you have highlighted.
You will see if I add the gas prices and electricity prices on a pound per ton basis, 1Q is the highest, 2Q will start dropping and then 3Q, 4Q will drop further.
And basically, our guidance for 2Q is £38 per ton reduction in realisations in Europe and about Rs.
3,200 per ton reduction in realisations in India.
So, some of these costs have actually impacted the profitability, which is what you're seeing.
The second bit of it is the creditors, which is the net of effect on the working capital, which goes up and down based on the large buys on coal and iron ore, especially in Europe.
Ritesh Shah, Investec: Sir, the reason I ask is, I think end March, there was a surplus of around Rs.
3,100 per ton QoQ reduction.
Indian steel exports have been facing stiff competition from Asian origin be it China and Japan and the Vietnamese and Middle Eastern markets?
And we are already seeing a tempering down of those sentiments and reflecting in the production level.
So, the latest info I have is the recent month, I think the exports is likely to be between 7 million and 8 million, and we expect that it will over the next few months come down to a 5 - 6 million levels because the Chinese government is also not encouraging exports as they did 5 - 7 years back, because today, they also have carbon reduction targets.
So, there was a bit of a lag, but now we are back on track.
