One of the outcomes of this is higher steel exports from China, which has led to a moderation of global steel prices between May - June 2023.
While key steelmaking inputs' – coking coal and iron ore prices did move lower, the steel spot spreads peaked in May before moderating for the rest of the quarter.
In India, the economic activity continued to improve, and the apparent steel consumption was up 10% YoY for the quarter.
Hot rolled coil prices dropped by about Rs.
Production was up 2% YoY but marginally lower on QoQ basis because of planned maintenance shutdowns.
And India production now stands at about 70% of the overall portfolio and will continue to rise in the coming years.
India deliveries grew 18% YoY, primarily driven by the rise in domestic deliveries to chosen 1
And our well-established brands like Tata Tiscon and Tata Steelium had bestever first quarter sales.
Our net realisations improved by almost Rs.
Revenue per ton was up about £33 per ton on a QoQ basis.
In the previous quarter, the drop in NRs was 50% lower than the decline in the benchmark; and consequently, the improvement in this quarter was also correspondingly lower.
Overall, the high revenue per ton was offset by elevated input costs, including energy and the ongoing relining of one of the blast furnaces in Netherlands.
In terms of growth, multiple projects are underway across India, and we remain focused on leveraging the expected panIndia growth across steel end-use segments.
For instance, we have leading market share in Auto.
And the 5 MTPA expansion at Kalinganagar will aid in consolidating our leadership position in auto and grow our presence in value - added segments such as oil and gas, solar, etc.
We'll continue to expand our virtual presence with the e-commerce platforms like Aashiyana where our sales in the last 12 months have crossed Rs.
We are also looking to grow in downstream portfolio across wires, tubes, ductile iron pipes, and tinplate, where we have a dominant market share.
And in tubes, we have recently commissioned, along with our partners, 2 new mills, which will increase the capacity in tubes from 1 million tons to about 1.3 million tons.
In the Netherlands, we are pursuing Roadmap+ for the last few years to bring about significant reduction in emissions, dust, odour, and noise.
Looking ahead, in India, the domestic demand remains supported by government spending and improving consumption across end-use segments.
3,100 per ton in 2Q compared to 1Q, but we will, of course, benefit from the drop in coking coal consumption by about $57 per ton on QoQ basis.
Coking coal consumption is expected to improve by about $46 per ton QoQ.
59,490 crores with improvement in realisations across geographies despite the uncertain operating environment and moderation in global steel prices.
Excluding the forex impact, the EBITDA was slightly higher at about Rs.
Within costs, material costs were down, but this was partly offset by higher conversion costs on account of royalty related expenses which increase normally with a lag.
The royalty increased by about Rs.
Overall, the EBITDA margin was stable at about 23% QoQ.
Further improved profitability was witnessed in the Neelachal operations, which turned EBITDA positive within 9 months of the acquisition.
At Tata Steel Europe, EBITDA loss stood at about £153 million; and on a per ton basis was broadly similar to the fourth quarter and in line with the guidance that we gave.
Improvements in revenue per ton were broadly offset by elevated costs, including energy.
Other income has increased by about Rs.
1,000 crores QoQ, primarily driven by the increase in standalone accounts.
We have signed a lease agreement with Tata Steel BlueScope Limited, which is a 50 - 50 joint venture with BlueScope Australia for the coated lines at Meramandali and Khopoli.
We have completed the buy-in of the remaining liabilities, and with this, the British Steel Pension Scheme (BSPS) has been successfully derisked.
However, this has been partly offset by other non-cash deferred tax credits at other facilities such as Europe.
I would like to mention that there is a residual asset surplus relating to BSPS in the books of about £200 million.
However, this was more due to the price effect, as our working capital number of days remained stable at around 34 days compared to about 37 days in fourth quarter.
We continue to commit to growth in India, as Naren mentioned, and spent about Rs.
We have been steadily prioritising growth in India, and our overall capex spend has been about Rs.
This will obviously lead to a consolidation of our market position.
At Kalinganagar, the 5 MTPA expansion plan will drive volumes as well as positively impact our fixed costs coverage.
We continue to prioritise Kalinganagar growth and have spent close to about Rs.
Furthermore, the savings in operational efficiency on account of the 6 MTPA pellet plant has started to begin reflecting in our performance.
While the relining of BF6 will weigh on performance in the next quarter, there will also be product mix improvement on account of the cold mill upgrade.
Neelachal has ramped up as well and is now close to operating capacity at the rated capacity of about 0.9 million tons.
Overall, the working capital and cash flows on account of higher capex, have led to an increase in the net debt of about Ra.
Our finance costs are broadly stable on a QoQ basis.
The group liquidity remained strong at about Rs.
As stated, we are keen to prioritise growth in India and are recalibrating our deleveraging targets accordingly given where the market conditions are.
We are now looking to continue to deleverage.
Finally moving to the UK, we are in regular and intense conversations with the government, who have also indicated their willingness to secure a decarbonised and competitive future for the UK steel industry.
If you could just share what is our outlook on returning back to breakeven and [inaudible] positive at the EBITDA level over the next few quarters.
And if I look at Netherlands, it has always been an EBITDA-positive, cash-positive business which had not required support from India, but the last 2 quarters have been different for these reasons: One is we were hit by these input costs going up very significantly, thanks to the conflict.
much as the production drop, but those fixed costs which we have for a 7 million ton production is now distributed over a much lower production, which is reflecting in core numbers.
And in Netherlands, also apart from the blast furnace starting up in the second half of the year and going back to normal production levels, there is a transition plan being made, so as far as the operating performance is concerned, Netherlands should come back to normal levels, which is typically cash positive and EBITDA positive.
And from third quarter, onwards, I think Netherlands will certainly come back to its normal operating levels.
Maybe, the second half of the third quarter, onwards, it will certainly come back to its operating level.
We expect that Netherlands will continue to be strong in the context of the market that exists there.
And it has, historically, if I look at last decade of numbers, it has always, as Naren mentioned, been a PAT-positive and a cash-positive business, so we expect to do that.
We are also taking a lot of efforts in terms of structurally improving that.
That's the reason the cost structure will start getting aligned to the decarbonised position, which will happen in a few years’ time.
In the UK, we would certainly see in the next couple of quarters a similar kind of performance.
As I mentioned and as Naren mentioned, we will enter a decisive position sometime in H2 of the year.
And like you, we are extremely mindful of the EBITDA losses and performance losses that happened in the European portfolio, but I can also assure you that we are working towards a structurally more robust operating configuration in both UK and in the Netherlands.
Sumangal Nevatia, Kotak Securities: That's very reassuring.
Number two, we've put a very impressive and informative Slide 11 in our deck, as far as 2030 expansion timelines and potential of reaching 40 million tons.
Blast furnaces, as you know, ramp up quite fast, so if we have a good ramp-up, you should start seeing the volume impact clearly next year, which is the next financial year.
We will get some benefit of that this year.
Cold rolling mill will again help us with margins if not with volumes, because you're converting hot rolled into more value-added products, but the additional volume will start coming from second half of the year in terms of the steel melt shop.
And that's why, in the beginning of the year, we had guided a 1.5 million ton increase in volume this year compared to last year.
We have seen working capital increase and debt increase in this quarter, but would management maintain that target for the entire FY24?
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited We certainly expect the Netherlands business to be positive EBITDA in the second half.
Plan for the year is for it to be EBITDA positive for the whole year.
If you look at the current spreads, they are in the range of €260 - 270 per ton, which is better than normally you look at €225 - 240 per ton.
But over the last year, that went to €120 levels.
Now it is settling back at €70 - 90 per ton levels and as it comes back, spreads at €270 per ton will also be very comfortable.
In the second half of the year, you will see the lower energy prices coming back to more normal levels.
We will also see the production back to normal levels, which will make sure that our costs are back to normal.
So that's why Netherlands is very clearly back on track in the second half of the year, but I think UK is where we have a challenge.
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited For the full year, certainly Netherlands will be in positive EBITDA; and that's what we are going to be working on.
Maybe, when we are allocating peak capex, which can get breached for a while but again come back because that capex is meant for good purpose and increase our EBITDA in due course of time.
The pipeline is really strong, so therefore we are really looking at it.
While deleveraging and keeping the balance sheet at investment grade is a big priority for us, I think we will try to balance between that as well as keeping the growth engine on in a substantial manner.
By the end of the year, we will certainly want to bring it back to that 2.5x level.
If companies want to take that lower price and use that to ship products to Europe, how would European steel companies generate ROCE on the decarbonisation capex?
So, in Netherlands, the advantage we have is a lot of this transition can be supported by the cash flows that we generate out of Netherlands, so we are looking at how can we find that optimal balance between the cash flows that we generate, the support that we get from the government and any project financing that we may take for that project.
It has a carbon emission of 1.8 tons per ton of steel compared to Tata Steel in Jamshedpur, which is at 2.11 and the best in India, all right?
Now if you can make steel in India with a lower carbon footprint and ship it to Europe, that's a different matter, but today our European facility is one of the most carbon efficient in the world, so if you apply the principles of carbon border adjustment mechanism, we won't be any less competitive than we are today.
And as we transition into a greener process route, that carbon footprint comes even lower.
And I'm sure that they will ensure that in Europe there is no unfair competition from less-carbon-efficient sources.
Is it fair to say that now the $1 billion absolute net debt reduction guidelines that we had at the beginning of the year now would not stand and we should look more at Debt to EBITDA, which would mean that the absolute debt could be higher?
So that's why you don't see it in this, because the working capital increase and the capex increase have offset that number, and as a result of which, you see a Rs.
So, we will continue to do that on a gross basis, but the fact is that our allocation of capex is also increasing.
If I were to take out the working capital impact, we would have certainly seen a net debt reduction.
All that I said is then our capex allocation are increasing more than what we have done in the past.
We will continue to push that, start getting the output of that kind of growth and continue to deleverage.
And secondly, how we optimise on the cash that we may have to pay out to do any restructuring, as far as Tata Steel UK is concerned.
In some sense, 1Q was a peak.
So that's why the benefits will accrue more in 2H than in 1H.
Actually, the hedging happens on a rolling basis and an increased percentage basis.
So that would not kind of make too much of an impact going forward.
And just to add, in FY22, actually, we benefited from the hedges.
If you see how the spot prices had moved because we had hedges in place, our costs were actually much lower in FY23.
So, this quarter, like at least from the reported P&L, I see that there's almost a $60 - $65 per ton QoQ improvement in the realisation.
Or has it been much better than you thought?
But lastly, if I remember right, both the cost guidance and the net realisation guidance for 1Q compared to 4Q was pretty close to what we have guided.
To some extent, this is to be supplemented by coking coal consumption prices reducing by about $50 per ton in both Europe and in India.
Just to add to that, Amit, while the NRs and the coal guidance we've discussed, I think there were some additional costs because of the cold rolled mill taking a little more time to stabilise.
And what kind of advantages can we see?
To ensure that we are consistent as far as the JV principles are concerned, we actually agreed with BlueScope that we will ensure that we have a long - term lease of these facilities and assets into the BlueScope JV.
The substrate comes from Tata Steel, and it continues to ensure that system-wise, we are compliant with the JV agreement and, more importantly, the market continues to be fed in a more aggressive manner on the coated products, which is a very value added segment, and growing very significantly.
They have accelerated and picked up speed, and we would hope to come to a frame.
As I said that in the second half of the year, we will be in a better position to actually come out and say what is our plan for UK going forward.
So, there was an increase that happened in the last 3 quarters.
But this quarter, for example, Netherlands is deeply positive in working capital release because those slabs been consumed.
Even within that, we then optimise on the number of days.
These 2 should add up to the capex that we spend for the year.
And it had surplus because that's the surplus that helped us to do the buy in.
What is driving the higher sales realisation at TSLP?
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited TSLP is, of course, benefiting a bit from the strong auto market because TSLP has a lot of products going to auto.
But I think what we also highlighted to the Netherlands government is the kind of support that the other countries in Europe are providing to our peers.
When we are closer to conclusion, we can share the details, but I must say that we've had very positive conversations with the government.
For 2-3 months, it was at 8 million tons a month and above, which is the highest that it has reached since 2016, because in 2016 - 17, it had gone to about 10 million tons a month, and that is when there was a lot of noise against Chinese exports across the world.
8 million is certainly a cause of concern, but we believe that it's an outcome of Chinese steel producers producing more in the January-March quarter in anticipation of an economic recovery, which did not happen.
I think there is a discipline, which will come in anyway, and we expect the second half of the year to be more balanced.
I expect that if Chinese steel exports come down, then hot-rolled coil prices should be more in the $600 - $650 per ton range rather than the current $550 - $600 per ton range Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited The next question is on capex.
I think we have fulfilled that objective within a year as we had wanted to.
With that, we will be at an optimal production level and at an optimal cost level in Neelachal.
So basically, self-sufficiency in iron ore is clearly there till 2030 and beyond 2030, we are expecting that we will be successful in our bids for our mines and also the mines that we bid for between now and then, and we will be self-sufficient after 2030.
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited I think what we said is that our focus on inorganic growth over the last few years has now given us enough sites for us to achieve our growth ambitions via pure organic growth.
our growth ambitions for the next decade can very easily be realised by making best use of existing sites and that will be the most cost optimal way because you are leveraging or better utilising the infrastructure that already exists or being created in these sites.
As we had explained, there was a working capital increase of around Rs.
This is more in terms of prices rather in terms of days where they have been broadly stable.
Last year, we produced over 38 million tons of iron ore. We will move on to about 45 - 50 million tons over the next few years as our steel requirements, steel capacity or production keeps going up.
I think we planned it well so that we have all the environment clearances in place.
We had to do it over the last 2-3 years sometimes simply because of inorganic growth, we grew faster than we had planned.
And if you are going to do only organic growth, then it is much easier for us to manage the iron ore requirement.
Kirtan Mehta, BOB Caps Second question was on Europe side, where we have said that over the next 2 - 3 years, the Netherlands would be EBITDA positive as well as cash flow positive.
In FY22 context, it was much higher.
has been free cash flow positive about €200 million or thereabouts on an average basis.
That's why the point that Naren mentioned that over years, it has normally been positive PAT and positive free cash flow, not only EBITDA.
And our expectation is that post relining when the steady state reaches, it would continue with its past performance.
Thank you and have a good day.
