And the only fly in the ointment is the losses we have taken in Tata Motors finance something which I will talk about towards the end.
Automotive debt came down to Rs.
Retails were slightly lower than last quarter.
In fact, they were down to 70,000 units in Q3.
My focus on retails, first of all, as I have mentioned, the actual retails did fall a little bit.
A lot of our orders on the Defender nameplate will start to fall and the retails increase.
So the bridge, the bridge versus the same profitability last year infact a small loss last year, EBIT 1.4%.
The pricing and VME is still very low and obviously it's corroboratory data around those units actually being passed over at very low levels, 0.6% VME and their targeted levels on targeted nameplates within targeted regions.
We do, however, as we've talked before, some considerable headwinds on material cost inflation, commodity inflation, utility prices also, but they are starting to peter away.
Again, we're starting to see that taper down.
And that's starting to impact on our cost base as it needs to do so.
We were down at 26% only earlier in the year.
Q3 was impacted, of course by lockdowns particularly at the dealers and also some disturbance in terms of the units we could build.
Employee absence for a short period was high.
From the point I would like to call out here, just take a look at the CNG, the light green bar there, substantial drop in CNG composition as the prices of CNG started inching closer towards the diesel and we should expect to see this trend reverse once the CNG prices start stabilizing and going down.
And the other thing that we'll call out here is the whole international business where you would notice that the wholesales have been pretty anemic as a challenge in the international business continues.
You'll notice this number used to be negative in the past, now sitting at almost +480 bps as the strategy starts playing out.
And what you do see as the certain cost disadvantages that have come through this quarter, some of it, most of it related to the investment that we are making in the new technologies and hence is translating into higher employee costs.
When I see the growth rates have been dropping now, but this is also due to the base effect.
And that's what we will see in Q4 also, the growth rate will go down further.
So I think with the CNG benefit going down and more so it is the concern in the minds of the customers about variability in CNG price.
I think the volumes have come down and in SCV they've come down to around 12% of the portfolio, ILCV we have come down to around 14% of the portfolio and you would recollect in ILCV it used to be almost around 40%.
The passenger segment is back, I think it was the worst suffering one during the COVID period and during the COVID recovery.
In international markets, I think, in most of the markets, the volumes have dipped significantly more than 50%.
You see, this is a signal of lack of urgency among the customer with improve supplies, and price increase post BSVI Phase 2 - we will have to see if there is any impact on the demand, something to be watched out for.
It was a big disruption that we have showcased in the Auto Expo, which is CNG twin cylinder technology.
I think this segment has always suffered with the handicap of having no boot space because it was occupied by the cylinder and we came with this very innovative idea of having this twin cylinder which releases the space and retains in a way the boot space, which was otherwise being sacrificed.
Number one, the restructured book that is actually starting to perform pretty poorly and it's continuing to do bad and going from bad to worse and as well as a onetime upgradation - one time hit because of the RBI upgradation norms that we had.
So we will see a marginal reduction quarteron-quarter, but I still believe we will be this time next year talking about order banks, which are higher than ideal.
LCVs, while MHCV segment is showing strong growth, LCV segment is showing a decline.
So I think it is more of ILCV which is showing a decline, which in our parlances is 7 to 15 tons or now it has gone upto 7 to 18 tons.
So the decline, which had happened in ILCV was much lower than that of MHCV, number one.
Well PHEV incentives coming down in Europe, do you see risk to JLRs compliance with CAFE targets?
So working capital was a big build back this quarter 300 million, that probably is going to fall a little.
So we see in total of the total cash to be slightly lower in Q4 even though the volumes are higher because that working capital point, but we do believe that's going to drive us through breakeven maybe up to 100 million in total for the full year.
And at the same time compliances are getting more complicated and therefore we just decided the risk reward equation one looked at it, it didn’t make sense for us to continue as part of simplification, we have knocked it off.
So with this level of order intake and the buyers to those products and our instability within the production and supply pipelines, we will continue to be very, very low.
A sharp drop in other expenses on a quarter-on-quarter basis.
PB Balaji Yeah and related question - is this gross margin dilutive for the PV business?
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 Girish Wagh I think in M&HCV cargo we have seen some softening, but I can probably attribute that to the post festive season drop in freight.
But that is also expected because the previous one was during monsoons where the tipper usage is low.
Diesel would significantly come down below 5%.
Do you see that as a risk to ICE pricing for the entry level cars?
I'm saying, with the price cuts that we're seeing in China, do you see that as a risk to the ICE pricing for Jaguar entry and mid LRs and EV profitability as JLR launches its EVs in 2024?
We don't see any risk at this point in time or any evidence of this weakening of prices for any of our imported, more to the point in fact, the VME reference back to the previous question, the average VME last quarter, which will be the first sign of that weakening of course, the average VME last quarter was as low as 0.8% across all units imported into China.
So we're seeing very, very low levels and strong demand at this point.
We have to take more long-term view of the battery prices, rest of the components are coming down also as the scale is increasing.
