BSE Limited First Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda Building, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Listing Compliance Department Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), Mumbai 400 051 February 1, 2023 Sc - 17238 Dear Sir/Madam, Ref: ISIN: INE155A01022 – Ordinary Shares IN9155A01020 – ‘A’ Ordinary Shares Debt Securities on NSE & BSE Sub: Transcript of the Q3 FY2023 Earnings Discussion/Conference call With further reference to our letter sc no.
17203 dated January 13, 2023, intimating that post announcement of Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022, the Company will host an Earnings Discussion/Conference call on January 25, 2023.
The transcript of the earnings/conference call is available on the website of the Company at www.tatamotors.com This is for your information and records.
Yours faithfully, Tata Motors Limited MALOY KUMAR GUPTA Digitally signed by MALOY KUMAR GUPTA Date: 2023.02.01 18:01:22 +05'30' Maloy Kumar Gupta Company Secretary Encl: a/a
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 MANAGEMENT: MR. PB BALAJI – GROUP CFO, TATA MOTORS LIMITED MR. ADRIAN MARDELL – INTERIM CEO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER MR. GIRISH WAGH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, TATA MOTORS LIMITED MR. SHAILESH CHANDRA – MD TMPVL AND TPEML MR. RICHARD MOLYNEUX – ACTING CFO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER Sneha Gavankar: Good day and welcome to Tata Motors Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call.
I am joined today by Mr. P B Balaji, Group CFO, Tata Motors; Mr. Girish Wagh, Executive Director, Tata Motors; Mr. Shailesh Chandra, MD, Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited; Mr. Adrian Mardell, Interim CEO, Jaguar Land Rover; Mr. Richard Molyneux, Acting CFO, Jaguar Land Rover, and my colleagues from the Investor Relations team.
Today we plan to walk you through the earnings presentation followed by Q&A.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen only mode and we will be taking questions via the teams platform, which is already open for you to submit your questions.
You are requested to mention your name and the name of your organization while submitting the questions.
I now hand over to Balaji to begin the presentation.
PB Balaji: Thank you.
Once again, thanks, everybody for taking the time to join the call.
As is customary, let's run through the deck at reasonable pace and thereafter spend as much time as possible on Q&A.
So customary Safe Harbor statement.
Nothing to report here other than the normal one that is the segments.
Again, draw your attention to the changes that we have done over the last one year.
So that's up there.
Next slide, please.
The quarter as such was a pretty intense quarter.
And I draw your attention to the Auto Expo, which I am sure Shailesh and Girish will quickly touch upon in their slides as well.
We also completed the acquisition of the Ford facility in Sanand, and we are getting into the integration of employees there.
We also issued a drawdown notice for the tranche 2 of the Rs.
3,750 crores i.e.
$500 million to TPG Rise and the funds are expected to be received by end of January.
And JLR order book, which I am sure, and the semiconductor situation is something that Adrian is going to talk about.
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 Next slide, please.
88,500 crores, EBITDA of 11.1% and the profit before tax and exceptional items of Rs.
Next slide please.
57,500 crores.
And the point that I am sure there's a question that's going to come.
So we will update where we are on this in the end of March.
So intention is to work on all other areas as well.
Next slide please.
So with this, let me hand it over to Adrian to take us through the presentation on JLR.
Adrian over to you.
Adrian Mardell: Yeah.
Thanks, Balaji.
Next slide, if you would, please.
Okay, so these are our KPIs for the quarter.
Standard format you see versus last quarter and then the same quarter last year.
We'll get into the details of that a little bit later.
They principally get targeted to North America and to China.
But you'll see that in more detail later.
You can see there above the GBP 6 billion level and we anticipate being above GBP 6 billion revenue for the foreseeable future.
Of course, PBT was very strong, our breakeven points are still below 300,000 units annually, 75,000 units per quarter.
And cash, once we break through that breakeven point with our average transaction values and average GVR being above GBP70,000 per unit now.
Next slide, please.
Okay.
So these are the key highlights.
We'll get into some more of the details around these later.
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 extension of our revolving credit facility at the end of December and then into early January, that got extended to GBP 1.52 billion through to April 2026.
Next slide, if you would, please.
So, these are the quarter three highlights on retail and wholesale volumes.
This is by nameplate.
And now we've moved to three shift on Defender.
Range Rover held up.
Just a little bit more than the quarter before.
That's a progression we're starting to see now.
The progression I think we can start to anticipate going forward.
Next slide, if you would, please.
And this is by region really important.
Say those bigger units are Range Rovers and Range Rover Sports.
They're starting to impact North America heavily.
You can see that both on the retail and the wholesale piece.
And even though those units were made available within China, of course, the lockdowns in December, within the retailer facilities in China meant that they weren't in a position to take those deliveries.
And that will be our anticipation post New Year also.
Next slide, please Okay.
So volume and mix is starting to influence this considerably.
And that would be a shape we would expect to continue going forward.
Most of our larger units have zero VME at this point in time.
And also we've had to go into the marketplace to buy premium chips to keep supply going.
So that's all a part of our material cost.
We are investing more.
We're absolutely spending more within our commercial areas, our commercial function.
Both our marketing now, our marketing is still only two-thirds of the level it was pre-semiconductors, of course, so coming from a low base, but we will be actually starting to spend more fixed marketing as confidence on supply comes through over the next weeks and months.
And we'll show you that in more detail when we
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 get to the capital slide.
Next slide, please.
So this is the cash that flows from that.
You can see the GBP 265 million, I have just referenced.
GBP 800 million cash profit after tax.
That's where we were at the end of FY'21.
That's where we expect to get back to over the next few quarters.
So a lot of cash is going to come through from working capital as we build back our production volumes and our wholesale volumes.
Next slide, please.
This is the break even slide.
I won't dwell on it just to say we're still at the 280,000 level in Q3.
It will average out to around 300,000 full year.
Next slide, please.
This is the investment number I mentioned.
It is worth referencing last year.
Last year here I think.
Pretty much all of that, infact more than all of that is in the engineering spends.
We are bringing more engineers, of course, into the organization to deliver our Reimagine strategy, our electrified future.
Next slide, please.
So our Reimagine electrified strategy.
Look, there's no change to our electrified strategy.
I know I'm on record in saying that.
I thought I'd dwell here on the key highlights, which is exactly the same as previous highlights you would have seen from our electrified journey.
MLA architecture is out there, the beautiful car you see there and it's Range Rover Sport, the order banks are being filled by those two products.
It is the epitome, we believe, of modern luxury, beautiful proportions to that vehicle and the Range Rover Sport, the minimalist luxury view inside the vehicle.
Within two years, we will have a full electrified Bev Range Rover.
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 We’ll then in 2025 come forward with our first all new electrified Jaguar products.
And then beyond that, our other Range Rover and other Defender products will come along in the next two years.
So within two years, most of our vehicles will have full electrified offerings and that will be complete in all models before the end of the decade.
We are estimating 60% of sales by then will be BEV.
But the important point, we will have offerings across the range over that period of time.
We still maintain zero tailpipe emissions by 2036, net zero carbon emissions by the end of that decade.
Next slide, please.
Okay, so these are our wholesale volumes.
So Q2 '23 versus Q2 '22.
But there are still challenges of course.
COVID in China is a challenge and we'll talk about that in a few moments.
Next slide.
Okay, Range Rover and Range Rover Sport.
We've broke through that in September.
We will deliver more production units in Q4.
Next slide, please.
Okay, so what's going to happen to order banks?
So, you know, at this level of marketing spend and we are only spending two-thirds of the level on marketing we were before semiconductor shortages.
Most of them, as we've said before, and those three nameplates, Range Rover, Range Rover Sport and Defender, we have gone to third shift on Defender.
And then we've also mentioned we expect to build another 10% or 15% more of the other two also.
Next slide, please.
This is a super important slide.
We dwelled on it several times, let me remind you, the top piece is a range of retail inventory targets and that dark blue line is now creeping towards the bottom of that band, which means the vehicles are in the right place and that will trigger incremental retails in Q4, as I've mentioned a couple of times.
Our own wholesale stock, inventory we own, the band there you see below between 30,000 and 45,000 units.
Next slide, please.
Inflation has been a theme all year.
What did we say at the start of the year?
Nine months through this period, inflationary claims have been GBP 660 million, Refocus has been GBP 850 million, half of which is in the commercial space.
Next slide, please.
You need to mention COVID and China we've all seen the reports and the extent of the contagion within the Chinese population.
And the retailers definitely opened up for the three weeks in January.
Obviously, we’re at Chinese New Year, there's a care point around what happens to the population following that, but we do anticipate, given the scale of contagion in the December period that we will get back to business very quickly in China at the back end of Q4.
There is a care point around production facilities in China, supplier production facilities that we are monitoring.
We’ll bring information back around that as we close out the years results, but it is possible for us to be stopped within the UK production and within Nitra production and within China production as a result of those supplier facilities, they won't be the scale and the size of the stoppages we've seen previously.
We don't believe.
Next slide please.
Outlook year-to-date I haven’t dwelled on Q3 here, but this is the summary so far yearto-date.
Free Cash Flow is just under GBP 300 million.
I've shown there hopefully, helpfully what our expectation is for Q4, above 80,000 units on wholesale maybe closer to 85,000 plus, if we continue as we have in the first month.
So EBIT margin, and free cash flow in quarter four and also for the full year.
Think that's my last slide.
PB Balaji Thank you, Adrian.
Let's quickly move on to the Tata Commercial Vehicle space.
Girish and I will take the session.
As if you recollect, we had signalled this earlier saying that we will be focusing squarely on vahan market share, registration market shares and shifting to a demand pull business model.
Next slide, please.
So we are very much invested in CNG, but this is the current way it's played out.
Next slide please.
Next slide, please.
Drivers of this particular profitability, you would see draw your attention to the realizations adjusted against variable cost.
And then of course, investing in the business as they are moving more and more money into FMEs, that's showing the number there.
Next slide, please.
Let me give it to Girish to talk about the business highlights
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 Girish Wagh Great.
Thanks, Balaji.
And this is also in line with our preparation to unwind as we gear up for the RDE transition in the month of April.
And we are keeping a track of how the steel prices especially moves, steel prices and precious metals move in Q1 of next year.
Balaji spoke about the CNG.
On the product front, we continue to launch new products.
And for the year, we've launched more than 40 new products as well as 150 plus variants.
And this includes the Ace Electric vehicle, for which we've already started the deliveries in the beginning of this month.
Coming to Auto Expo, we did introduce a comprehensive range and I am going to speak about that a little later.
To push this agenda, we continue to engage with all the key stakeholders in the ecosystem, be it customers and financiers more so and trying to get them on board.
RDE transition is what we are preparing towards.
Migration will happen from April 2023.
And in this kind of an environment, we are focusing on maintaining our market shares in all the markets.
And, also the channel health, we are ensuring the channel health even at the lower volume, which is extremely important when the volumes start ticking up.
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 Next slide.
Both we started with e-commerce players, but we also had the FMCG players joining the bandwagon as also parcel and courier companies.
We did showcase almost eight zero emission concepts in Auto Expo, which I'll speak about.
In addition, we also got an order of 200 buses from Jammu & Srinagar.
Our e-bus fleet now has cumulatively crossed more than 6 crore i.e.
60 million kilometers with more than 95% uptime till December.
The revenue generated by this business in the nine months has been Rs.
Our connected truck platform with the total vehicles crossing 337,000, which is around 135,000 customers.
E-Dukaan, which is our online marketplace, we used to sell spare parts for this.
Now we have also added consumables like diesel exhaust fluid and lubricant.
I spoke about digital lead generation during the last quarter.
And we continue to push this agenda.
In the entire portfolio, we had almost 16% of our sales coming from leads generated through digital means.
Next.
So talking about Auto Expo, I think the whole Auto Expo was making a statement of our journey towards net zero greenhouse gas emissions.
So we committed by 2045, we will be net zero greenhouse gas emissions.
And, as our commitment towards that we demonstrated 14 concepts.
We had hydrogen propulsion in terms of Hydrogen ICE powered tractor, Hydrogen fuel cell tractor and also Hydrogen fuel cell bus which actually will see commercial application from the next quarter.
So this is to meet the IOCL order that we had received last year.
We also introduced two new fuel agnostic architectures, which addresses our entire range from 7 tonnes to 55 tonnes and these two architectures can take any powertrain.
So ICE as well as electric, in electric, battery electric, and then Hydrogen fuel cell electric as well as H2Ice.
We of course revealed Yodha CNG and Intra Bi-Fuel, which are available for sale now, commercial sale.
Prima LNG Tipper, which is also ready for commercial sale and we are working with few customers and of course premium version of our Winger.
I think this was a very holistic display of not just our
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 commitment towards net zero greenhouse gas emissions, but also how we are driving some of the cutting edge products and services.
Back to you, Balaji.
PB Balaji Thank you.
Thanks, Girish.
Next slide please.
Moving on to passenger vehicles.
And the third call out is CNG plus EV is now almost 17% of the portfolio.
Next slide.
300 crores almost of the profits, EBITDA of 6.9%, albeit there's a one-offs of about 80 odd bps that you see in the EBITDA there, but EBIT of about 1.5%.
Next slide.
And investments fundamentally in the EV business with employees, building up the team that is what you see out there as well as investments in products is what you see on the D&A side.
Next slide, please.
Let me hand over to Shailesh to give you a sense of the business.
Shailesh Chandra Thank you, Balaji.
Let me start with the key highlights of the industry.
As far as Tata Motors is concerned, we have been around 14% market share consistently throughout the financial year.
For the calendar year 2022, we were the third OEM to cross the five lakh mark.
We maintained our number one
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 SUV position as of year-to-date, and Nexon and Punch are among the top three in the 40 plus odd SUVs that we have in the market.
As far as EV sales year-to-date is concerned, for the financial year, it is at 32.4K units with a market share of 85%.
We had extended the introductory pricing for the first 20,000 customers, which we have already crossed in terms of bookings.
We, in the Auto Expo have showcased the Harrier & Safari Red # Dark, and this is going to be launched in this quarter itself.
As far as BSVI phase two transition is concerned, it is on track and ahead of the deadline.
In terms of actions, we are willing to go for very focused demand generation initiatives specifically in certain segments as well as hyper markets.
Next slide.
Giving a quick overview of what did we showcase in the Auto Expo.
And we had about 12 showcases both on EV as well as ICE side.
We showcased the Tiago EV, which we already launched.
Harrier EV was also showcased.
This is a generation two product for us.
Sierra EV scheduled to be launch in 2025 was also showcased.
And Avinya, which is the generation three pure EV also slated to be launched by the end of 2025.
These are the four products that we showcased.
On the ICE portfolio side, I've already talked about the Harrier & Safari #Dark, which will come with ADAS as well as the bigger infotainment screen.
This gets launched in this quarter as I said.
This would come in the first half of next financial year.
Then we also showcased the ICE version of Curvv.
If you remember in April 2022, we had showcase the EV version and along with this product we have also showcased the two TGDi engines in gasoline 1.2 and 1.5 liter, which will help us in coming with products which will be greater than 4 meter in the ICE space.
This is what I wanted to share.
Back to Balaji.
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 PB Balaji Thank you, Shailesh.
Next slide, please.
Next slide please.
Investments, you can read for yourself skipping this slide, but just to guide that for the full year, the investment spending is likely to be around Rs.
6,000 crores number - no change on that one.
Next slide please.
So, therefore we have started to get further provisions put through in the restructured book.
This is now almost 9% of the AUM of Rs.
41,000 crores, that we have and there are lot of efforts underway as you would expect to normalize the static restructured book and therefore this work is going to be pretty intense in this quarter as well.
The normal book is quite comfortable.
But clearly this is an area where we need to drive a lot of efforts to ensure that we get our collection efforts particularly on the restructured book.
Next slide please.
Overall therefore our priorities you can read for yourself, but maybe the only thing I would like to highlight is the view on demand which I'm sure a lot of you are asking as well.
So that's what I have to say.
The individual priorities by businesses, we have already covered.
So let me not go through that.
Let me start covering the questions that have come through already.
We move to the question section.
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 Questions and Answers session Okay.
So maybe let's start with I think Ben this is coming your way, Ben or Adrian, either of you can take it.
Could you let us know the terms of the extension of the revolver?
And there's another question in terms of also about how much of a repayment are you planning given the cash position there?
But you want to just wrap this all up with one response Ben Bennet Birgbauer Yeah, I can cover that, Balaji.
So broadly the terms of the revolver are in terms of covenants and things like that.
So the annualized cost of GBP1.5 billion revolver is about GBP18 million.
So it's from our perspective, it's the cheapest fire insurance you can possibly have.
In terms of is there scope for optimizing the revolver debt balance.
But I don't really see changing the size of the revolver at this point.
PB Balaji Thank you, Ben.
Next question I think is from Chandramouli, Goldman Sachs.
I think, Adrian, this is coming your way.
On JLR how are we thinking about the demand outlook once we clear out our strong order backlog.
If the current hawkish interest rate environment were to continue into the next year, what is your view on the demand and the next I think the same question coming into Girish later on.
You take the first one, Adrian.
Adrian Mardell Yeah.
Thanks, Balaji.
So from our perspective.
We're not taking new orders until 24 model year and on the Range Rover Sport.
Although we are rectifying Defender.
So at today's level of known uncertainty in the marketplace on recession and interest rates at the levels we see in front of us going forward today I believe the challenge here continues through 2023 to be supply rather than demand.
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 PB Balaji Thanks, Adrian.
Girish this is coming your way.
Same from Chandramouli itself.
On India CVs, how are we thinking about price hikes heading into the stricter emission standards beginning FY 24.
Is it going to be all at once or more phased in nature?
But even in this BSVI Phase 1, I think, we had taken all the increases or the price increase at one go.
I think there is only one another factor that we have to keep a watch on which is the commodity increases, which may happen again in Q1 of next financial year.
And basis both these things put together, we'll see what is the kind of price increase which has to be passed on.
But from the point of view of RDE, I think it will also vary model to model, but mostly it be passed out in one go.
PB Balaji Just sticking to you.
This is from Sonal Gupta, HSBC MF.
Can you highlight the reasons?
Girish Wagh Yes.
As far as ILCV is concerned, one of the thing which is playing out is the base effect, right.
And I think those are coming back for usage now.
So it is more of a base effect.
I don't know whether in LCV you are also referring to the small vehicles.
So let me talk about that also.
PB Balaji Yeah, thank you.
Adrian, this is coming your way.
This is from Jinesh Gandhi.
In terms of JLR, you talked about higher inflation and supplier claims largely related to constrained volumes, can you talk about the quantum of these two?
Is
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 that a fair assessment.
What are the targeted levels to which you want to increase SG&A spend.
So maybe three distinct questions there.
Adrian Mardell Yeah, okay.
So let me talk them in order of they were asked.
So look the inflation claims and the reason for supplier claims.
There is multiple reasons below that and in terms of the level that we expect to be normal.
If you go back to FY 21 on previous calls, I've referred to FY 21 a lot before supply constraints.
A normal level for us, we still believe will be the 120,000 units plus a quarter, 40,000 plus a month, 500,000 a year.
And once we get towards that level will be clear around much more we can push it beyond that.
So for a normal environment and our suppliers are set up for normal environment.
We would need to build wholesale 40,000 plus units a month, and we're just above 26,000, 27,000 at the moment.
Once we get to that level, if we have no unnatural requirement to go buy parts outside of normal channels that's eliminated then again we will eliminate another course called premium parts or chip supply from the vendors, the brokers that will be eliminated as well.
However, we will still be left with commodity prices at the moment, they are looking to be heading more aggressive against us and they will still be there and a lot of our contracts with suppliers have a pass-through on commodity costs.
So there will be some level, that's the only problem we have.
We probably won't be talking about it by the way, but it's wrapped up within that 200 plus million a month, including some more on utility is lower than it was and including the wage demands, which hopefully will come down with the interest rate pressures that are going to be put out.
It's just about 9% of revenue today, maybe a shade over think about that being a broad guideline going forward on SG&A.
PB Balaji Thank you.
Next question comes from Rakesh Kumar.
Adrian, back to you again.
And I'll separately pick up the Tata's battery manufacturing plants in Europe.
Adrian Mardell Yeah, okay.
So if I take the PHEV one before.
We obviously monitor this really carefully.
Nothing at this
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 point in time.
So I'd say what we see today.
No to the first one.
There is no impact on PHEVs.
We don't expect it to be non-compliant in Europe over this next phase either.
The underlying cash should be broadly at the level that we saw in Q3 maybe around the GBP 200 million.
So maybe those two will balance out.
We're only three weeks through the quarter.
There's 10 weeks to go and with supply obviously still being fragile things can change.
But that's what I see today.
It really depends on how many units we actually build in the March, the mid February through end of March period, but it's likely to be less than the 306 million.
PB Balaji Thanks, Adrian.
On the battery plants for Tata's in Europe.
I think as we had mentioned earlier as well, this will be at Tata Sons entity that we are investing where you have JLR and Tata Motors as two anchor customers and locations - India and Europe.
Obviously at this point in time this is all that I can share.
And as and when we are ready to announce more, we will talk about that.
Okay.
This question is actually coming on popular demand and therefore, Shailesh, this is coming your way.
And what's your take on the brand impact for the price cut?
Multiple people have asked it in different ways.
Over to you.
Shailesh Chandra So the call on price cut has been taken after holistic consideration taken into account multiple factors.
Also the relook at relative price positioning of our entire EV portfolio.
So these were the four, five factors I would say that has really gone behind this.
So I think is thought which has gone behind this.
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 PB Balaji Yeah.
Thanks, Shailesh.
There is a question on ADRs, which we thought, we explained, but we can just pick it up, why did Tata Motors decide to delist ADRs, is the cost of compliance versus pressure on shares on account of shareholders who don't want to invest directly in India, management thoughts?
We had explained that the original purpose with which ADRs were listed I think is probably now not relevant anymore.
And with the Indian market getting deeper and wider, there is no constraint on fundraise and also all our bond issuances anyway we don't need the ADRs to be listed there to do that.
That's the background to it.
They stand delisted as of yesterday.
What is now the net auto debt deleveraging timeline for Tata Motors?
I thought I already covered it.
Maybe I'll just talk about the second one.
How does the listing of Tata Technologies help towards that.
We have announced our intention.
It's now a Tata Technologies Board decision and therefore we will be working with them closely.
Question from Gunjan.
Could you talk about the impact of RDE for both CV and PV.
I think Girish you already covered that piece.
Also an update on the discounting trends in CV industry, update on the Tiago EV order book, Shailesh, and we've already talked about the price cut in Nexon.
Why don't you finish that and then I'll go to JLR on the VME trend.
Girish Wagh Yeah.
Shailesh?
Shailesh Chandra As far as Tiago EV order book is concerned, I already mentioned that we had crossed 20,000, which was the size, which we had kept for the introductory price.
So, that is the status as of now.
As far as delivery is concerned, we started the deliveries, we started the supplies I would say last month itself.
We have kept some level of fungibility between the electric vehicle models that we have.
PB Balaji Thanks, Shailesh.
Adrian, the third point is coming your way.
I think Morgan Stanley also had a question on this one
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 Adrian Mardell Yeah, thanks, Balaji.
Look, we're not seeing any signs at this point in time of uplifts in VME.
Even though I can understand the sentiment behind the question I think in the environment we're in.
VME is mixed by region and by nameplates, of course, and with the buyers that we have, and the customer orders we have on Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, Defender, North America and China.
They are the big biases within the data today.
You know the answer on VME is 0%, 0%, 0%, 0% and 0%.
There will be a point in time where that will start to lift.
So another question you asked about what normal is.
If normal is 40,000 units a month plus for us, which it likely is I think it's reasonable to assume at this point we will be passing more, but those non-big three units to the other regions.
We're not seeing any sign of that within the data we have today.
PB Balaji Thank you.
Next question I move to Raghunandhan from Emkay.
His other questions have been answered, but there's one that is new, which is on the EV, PV subsidiary from when would you get PLI scheme benefits and are you currently accounting, how are you accounting these incentive?.
As far as the PLI benefits itself is concerned, the key is to ensure that the domestic value addition norms are met and we are getting our vehicles accordingly certified.
And at this point and once the financial year is over, then you file for the PLI benefits and you get it subsequently.
Given the fluidity of the situation at this point in time and we are going through the process and this is first time that we will be filing this year currently no accrual is being done on these incentives and once we get one round of things coming through then we will be in a position to review on that one.
Okay.
Capacity - I think Hitesh Goyal of CLSA.
What is the domestic passenger vehicle capacity currently and when is the Ford capacity coming on stream?
Shailesh Chandra Yeah.
So as far as our capacity is concerned, we have been now at around 50,000 per month.
We have further the ability to debottleneck the capacities in our two plants, which is in Pune and Sanand, which is the existing facility not the Ford one by an additional 10% to 15%.
And we are targeting to operationalize the Ford plant in 12 to 18 months timing.
PB Balaji Yeah.
Thank you.
I think there is a question from Jinesh on passenger vehicle.
Was there any one-offs?
I think most of it is linked to just cost phasing across quarters nothing to read and then beyond routine stuff there.
Then other one is in terms of when can you expect to see these exciting products that were displayed in the Auto Expo?
Shailesh Chandra Yeah.
So none of these products were concepts.
These are products all going to come in two, three years timeline.
We already mentioned about that Harrier EV is going to come in 2024.
Sierra and Avinya will
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 come in 2025.
These were the three electric vehicle products that we had shown.
Tiago is already launched, that was the fourth one.
As far as ICE products are concerned, Curvv is also going to come in 2024.
Then the CNG models which were twin cylinder model of Punch and Altroz already mentioned earlier that it's going to come in the first half of the next financial year.
PB Balaji Thank you.
Ben, the next question is from Jemma.
Can you confirm if you are still be looking to use cash to repay the 2023 maturities versus refinancing through the markets and the breakeven guidance implies GBP 300 million FCF for the last quarter, which I think Adrian has already addressed that.
So Ben can to take the first piece?
Bennet Birgbauer Yeah, on the refinancing, so I think the default or base plan is that we had an expectation of circa GBP 750 million, GBP 800 million of cash flow in the second half which Adrian already talked about and that would be sufficient to cover the two bonds we have maturing in February and March for GBP 800 million equivalent and it's probably also worth mentioning that in June of this year, we had a GBP600 million equivalent on China bank loan due to mature and actually we've signed an agreement in January to extend that for three years from January of this year so maturing, the facility would end in January 2026.
There are annual reviews, so we've at least pushed out the maturity until January of 2024.
PB Balaji Thanks, Ben.
The next set of questions coming in from Kapil Singh.
First one to you Shailesh, Tiago EV, what's the percentage of first-time buyers that you're seeing in the order book?
Shailesh Chandra First-time buyers are roughly 25% to 30% is what we are seeing, who are buying a car for the first time that's substantial in Electric Vehicle.
We have never seen this.
Mostly the people had both buying this as a second or the third car although high percentage was using this as the only car and also the primary car.
The first-time buyers we have seen significant size of buyers.
At the initial stages, yes.
But after that it will start trending towards the margins of the main vehicle we will be making.
But that's over a period of time, but that's part of the planning that we have for the overall portfolio.
CV sentiment index, Girish.
What's your latest update since you track it?
PB Balaji Yeah.
And linked to that question from Rajesh Aynor.
In the medium term how is the fuel mix change happening as far as your opinion between CNG, EV adoption in buses, ICV, MHCV’s - how should one think about it?
Girish Wagh So I think as we go ahead the pathway is going to be through CNG or LNG.
So one will see a fair bit of penetration happening again in ILCV and SCV segments.
As far as long range is concerned, yes, I think few customers will start coming in because I think the OEMs have addressed the range issue.
So we have some trucks which we launched which can run for 1,000 kilometers on CNG.
As far as LNG is concerned, I think this depends on availability of filling infrastructure otherwise, I think, we are ready with the product.
Shailesh Chandra My view is that, say, if we have to take a view by the end of this decade, the mix will be around 25% to 30% for CNG, 25% to 30% for EV and rest would be gasoline, but with high mix of flex-fuel because that is the direction where things are going.
So that's probably the outlook.
PB Balaji Thank you.
The question from Binay Singh, Morgan Stanley.
As well as JLR launches in EVs as well, that's another angle.
Adrian Mardell
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 Yeah.
No, we don't.
At this point actually recognizing that a lot of our smaller units, smaller value transacting price units in China are generated within China within the joint venture.
PB Balaji Thanks.
Shailesh Chandra I think we need to keep in mind that one, there is a relative premium that a customer is ready to pay for EV versus ICE and that is about 25% to 30%.
You also need to remember that the next three, four years will be the benefit of PLI also.
PB Balaji Thank you.
Thanks, Shailesh.
I think with that we have done with all the questions that have been asked in terms of just the themes rather than just the names.
So if there is anything else that you want us to answer I would suggest please reach out to the investor relations team and we will be more than happy to respond to you.
So thanks a lot for taking the time to attend the session.
We hope you found it informative and look forward to catching up with you soon.
Thank you.
