A pretty intense affair and an exciting presentation from Tata Motors across the whole theme of moving India and something that has been very well received in the market as well.
Overall on the quarter, a very satisfying performance with a revenue of Rs.
3,200 crores, revenue growth of 22.5% and an EBITDA improvement of 90 bps and EBIT improvement of 270 bps.
The key call out here is that after long time, all the three auto verticals are actually profitable and improving their performance and therefore that's driving the margin and FCF improvement that you see and we hope to sustain that in the coming quarters as well.
The source of growth, a lot of it coming from volume and mix and of course pricing starting to come through as well as we start taking pricing above and the inflation starts stabilizing.
Profitability improvement coming across JLR, CV, PV, which is what I referred to earlier.
In the case of JLR, we do see a stretch in meeting the net debt zero targets.
Again confident in TML India as far as that number is concerned, we should be able to get it to net zero there.
We did improve significantly our deliveries of MLA units Range Rover, Range Rover Sport.
North America was actually up 34% quarter-over-quarter and China was lower because of the COVID shutdowns, is the punch-line.
Revenue because of that strengthening mix and the overall increase in wholesales, wholesales did actually increase by 5.7% versus last quarter.
Significant increase.
Significant improvement.
Half of that PBT number is actually a revaluation gain on conversion of our dollar denominated debts mostly, and we'll get into that in later slides.
EBITDA held up well 11.9%, EBIT was particularly encouraging at 3.7%, significantly higher than the comparative periods.
It really does escalate into a considerable cash positive GBP 490 million, the best cash quarter for seven quarters.
The order banks did grow, we’ll explain our expectations on that going forward.
Refocus did deliver again up to GBP 850 million, which again, will repeat our confidence in more than GBP1 billion on that as well.
And very importantly, our cash liquidity continues to be strong, GBP 3.9 billion.
And we actually secured the
You see the big call out at the top there up marginally on wholesales 5.7% or 6%, 15% year-over-year.
Basically we've improved the deliveries on Defender and you will see increasingly going forward.
But within there we're starting to improve our MLA deliveries, Range Rover and Range Rover Sport, which is a fundamental improvement in this quarter's delivery.
From a wholesale perspective, there is steady improvement, 5% or 6% this quarter.
Again, you can see that Defender delivery increasing in quarter three to almost 24,000 units and the Range Rovers and Range Rover Sports coming through also as well.
Now, we've doubled the volume of deliveries.
And so the reduction in both the China retail and wholesale was inventory we held ourselves pending pass over to China.
The actual uplift in China in the first three weeks of January is very strong.
As those dealer outlets have opened, of course, the dealers have an appetite to take those units, they're moving very, very quickly.
The electrified number of units have grown to 67%, but you can see we're in a frame of 65% to 70% now and that's likely to continue for the foreseeable future.
And my expectation going forward is that pricing in VME will begin to offset the material cost increases in quarter four and beyond.
And particularly our engineering spend to move towards our reimagined electrified future is starting to increase pace.
And the operational exchange is the big news is the revaluation I've mentioned of our dollar denominated debt, you know, sterling appreciated from 1.12 to 1.20 in the quarter.
You see mostly that within the reval line, but our operational position is still ahead of our hedges that crystallized within the quarter and therefore there's a net gain on operational fx and that adds up to the 3.7% EBIT, 265 million PBT.
Encouraging quarter for us.
Look, you know, our model works really well when that number moves up towards 1 billion.
And that's why the underlying cash flow is still strong, even though investment spending is starting to increase.
Working capital was a nice rewind this quarter of GBP 306 million but it's only a small fraction of the adverses we've had on working capital since March 2021, GBP 1.77 billion negative from that point, most of that will rewind as we move through the several next quarters.
And what you're looking for here is production and wholesale volumes to grow through 30,000 units a month, then 35,000, and when we get to 40,000 units a month, which is where we were at in March 2021, most of that will actually rewind.
Of course, free cash flow GBP 490 million best result for seven quarters, very pleasing on just 79,600 units.
We are starting to invest more, including our fixed marketing and our commercial digital strategy, so our costs will increase, but with the mix strengthening on MLA and defender units, we do expect a containment of breakeven over the next two to three quarters or so.
So, GBP 622 million in total, up just over 100 million.
More of that is being capitalized now, 48%, which demonstrates the maturity of those architectures as starting to grow and improve.
So this is actually a good sign.
And I do expect investment to continue to increase beyond GBP 650 million towards GBP 700 million over the next quarter or two.
That's a great signature to vehicles and quality and view of vehicles we will put forward going forward.
It's just two years away now, recognising our order bank support for that product for the next 12 months or so, the gap between orders and new electrified vehicle is closing and will continue to close as we go through 2023.
So our electrified future continues at pace and the investments we're now making are going to grow towards it over the next 12 to 18 months at least.
You know, I think the important thing here, you can see the gradual improvement, but I like to look at quarter versus last year.
You can see there about a 15% increase.
We know Q3, there's a 15% increase and that starts to give you an indication of what we should begin to expect in quarter four.
So we are expecting that number to grow in Q4 and obviously to continue to grow going forward.
So we do think we've made a lot of progress on supply, particularly on semiconductors, particularly for this calendar year.
But we are improving, our break even points are stabilizing, and therefore our profitability, EBIT, revenue and cash will be growing as we go forward.
The MLA architecture are fundamental to the delivery of our business model and our business success and we explained in great detail over the early quarters of last year how it was difficult for us to gain the parts to grow, to grow the volumes.
You can see the average weekly is growing quarter-over-quarter.
It won't be that same size of scale of increase, but it will be a sizeable 10%, 15% improvement in Q4 over Q3.
Also, we can maintain our 33% to 35% worth of deliveries on these products, and that will maintain our average selling price at the levels you've just seen, while it's a strong variable profit mix portfolio going forward.
This really is now starting to show through our business results, particularly in Q3 and going forward.
Well, first point is they did continue to grow in quarter three and we've helpfully here broke out the amount of deliveries we passed over to customers, 85,000 versus the amount of new orders, 95,000.
But at this level you can expect new orders to grow by 30,000 or thereabouts a month.
But our fulfilled orders, our retails will start to grow now, we're already seeing that in Q4 in part because of the opening up of China, but I do anticipate in quarter four fulfilled orders to be above new orders and therefore our order banks to start to taper down towards a level which is more natural maybe towards a 200,000 level over the next three to four months.
And therefore as we come out of quarter four deliveries in particular and our fulfilled orders on Defender will grow.
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 So very confident our retail levels or our fulfilled orders are going to move towards 100,000 level over the course of the next months and quarters.
We're still within that band towards the bottom of it, but if you add those two numbers together, 82,000, inventory end to end finished vehicles at the end of December, that was the highest number we had in inventory for several quarters back to around May 2021.
So that's a good, healthy sign that we're starting slowly to fill the pipeline, which will trigger more retailers etc, etc.
So this really is starting to improve for us, although there are still issues we can get on a daily basis in terms of supply.
We said refocus would offset inflationary claims.
So we're doing what we said we would do, the investment number because we mentioned earlier, we are accelerating and bringing more engineers in by future won't be the savings going forward and our expectation is the commercial performance, the market performance will actually then begin to offset inflation in Q4 and beyond together with our efficiencies through our Agile transformation activities, which we've referenced previously also.
So we are doing and we will do this year exactly what we said we could do in terms of offsetting those high inflationary claims.
I'm really pleased to say that more than 90% of our employees at the production facilities and 99% of our employees within our national sales company have now returned to work.
I won't read it out apart from to say, we are now EBIT margin positive across the first nine months.
Investment is lower, but growing.
Revenue will exceed GBP 5 billion, closer to GBP 6 billion again.
We will be positive on EBIT with that, our investment will grow probably around GBP 700 million, GBP 600 something and our free cash flow, we believe with those physicals will be more than GBP 400 million
Tata Motors Limited January 25, 2023 positive, which will make us positive free cash for the full year and the rest of the data, you see there.
What are our priorities, obviously continue to secure chip supplies moving through the strategic tie-ups.
But due to the excellence of the work of the teams now, we really do have excellent teams in place now, we keep our supply and our lines going.
Continue Range Rover, Range Rover Sport ramp up.
I've mentioned our expectation that will grow by 10% to 15% in Q4 over Q3.
Improve on the 80,000 units we have done in quarter three within quarter four now.
Refocus complete including more of those price increases coming through as we deliver more cars to customers.
And obviously you know our job is to deliver positive data.
That did cost a bit of grief in the month of October, but since then we've been sequentially improving our market shares as the propositions are starting to land and we're starting to see this in across the rest of all the portfolio as well.
From a financial performance standpoint, the demand pull model is translating into improved profitability of almost 580 bps.
Revenue growth, of course, at 22.5% pretty strong and EBIT now at 5.9%, up 650 bps.
So the industry grew by around 16% over Q3 FY22.
For Tata Motors, since we have been focusing on retail, setting our retails were ahead of wholesales by 6% in the quarter gone by.
I think good thing for industry, the commodity prices did soften in Q3 and that's how it is remaining in Q4 also as of now.
Within the segments, I think medium and heavy commercial vehicles have seen a very good growth, almost 50% growth over Q3 of last year, again due to the base effect and even higher growth in the passenger segment.
For us the non-vehicle business is spare parts, I think continues to do pretty well.
Spare parts and consumables, and in fact in the nine months in this financial year, we have grown by around 38% over last year and the penetration also keeps on increasing.
So the share of the overall market is continuously improving quarter-over-quarter.
The new range of pickups both Intra and Yodha I think has a very, very good traction in the market.
And also good premium that we are able to charge this equation.
And we have also brought the CNG trucks which have started seeing some traction.
Going ahead, we will continue to have the focus on these three things, which is retail pull, improving the Vahan share, which is the registration.
And of course, by doing all this, I think realization improvement agenda will continue.
I think we see a very good commitment from all the stakeholders to the revised way of working or the revised operating model that we have put in place.
And of course as we did in BS6 in April 2020, even now I think we will come up with a lot of value enhancement for the customer.
So it won't be a plain, simple price increase.
With the COVID situation globally, we did bring semiconductor supply situation back on our radar.
Well, it was a bit worrisome 15 days back, I think, in a fortnight, things have improved, but we will continue to keep this as well as the electric vehicle aggregates on our radar.
Margins, selling margins have also been doing well.
Talking about Electric Mobility, so as I said I think we completed very successful trials of the Ace Electric Vehicle in our customers' operations.
And I think the product has done very, very well, which is leading to even more inquiries for the product.
I think we've started these deliveries and as you can see in the third bullet, we have also now started pulling material from the supply chain although we had a COVID scare, I think we will start ramping up the production of this vehicle.
On our Smart City Mobility Solutions business that we have put in place, we signed a definitive agreement now with Delhi Transport Corporation as well as Bangalore for 1500 and 921 buses respectively, so that's around 2421.
260 crores and at this level of revenue I think the business is giving good profits.
On the digital businesses, I think we continue to grow the fleet age penetration.
And the usage also has been growing consistently, we have now almost 80% customers having active usage on the fleet age.
And in addition to that, I think, we've also started adding some of our retailers as well as mechanics as customers, so they can also order on this platform, and we see a very healthy growth almost 165% growth over the previous year.
We still have a good headroom because the convergence can improve further from the level that we have reached.
We also unveiled five electric vehicle concepts Ace of course the deliveries have started, the Starbus EV which is already on the road, the Ultra E.9 which is the next vehicle we see having good customer interest, Magic EV which is for the last-mile intracity passenger transportation and Prima 28 tonne tipper which is a good option to decarbonize the closed-loop usage of tippers especially in mining.
In addition to this, we also had good interactive exhibits to explain our fleet edge, the connected truck platform, the Sampoorna Seva, which is our bouquet of services as also EDukaan, which also attracted good attention.
Here the call out is the consistent improvement in market shares and a strong growth, market beating growth that continues here.
That will improve further once the new CNG launches come in as well as Tiago EV launches as well.
EV continues to be on a roll, we have surpassed the milestone of selling 50,000 EV vehicles from the start.
From a performance perspective, 37% revenue growth, Rs.
So strong performance continues in the profitability side, we should continue to see a steady improvement on this one.
In terms of drivers, here again, you see the realizations and variable cost is now starting to improve further.
So the underlying contribution margin of the business is starting to improve.
Those are the two things that brought down the fixed cost line.
Quarter three was a retail heavy quarter, I would say, and the industry reached its highest ever quarter - highest ever retails in its history of more than 10.58 lakhs.
And wholesales also grew by 23% as compared to the quarter three of last financial year.
EV industry has continued to show strong growth year-on-year versus last quarter (130% growth), primarily led by Tata Motors.
It is notable to see in the last calendar year, which was 2022, the industry wholesale was at its highest level at 3.8 million as compared to somewhere around 2019 where it was at 3.3 million - 3.4 million level.
So steep jump, I would say, nearly 25% growth as compared to where we were in 2021.
PV, EV business has delivered an industry beating growth of 33% for PV and a very high growth for the EV also.
Like the industry, we also had the highest ever quarterly retail at 139,000.
And we also, as Balaji mentioned that during the last quarter, we crossed the 50,000 milestone for EVs since its inception and in the last calendar year –I would just correct what number Balaji had given - it was actually 44,000, nearly 44,000 sales that we did for EVs in the last calendar year.
Going forward, the bright spots, given that the inventory in the channel is lean, there are new product launches that we have seen recently in the industry and improved supplies, quarter four should be strong as far as wholesale is concerned and as compared to quarter three.
And as far as EV growth is concerned, there are a lot of states who have announced progressive EV policies and that should support the EV growth in quarter four.
As far as Tata Motors is concerned, the Tiago EV deliveries have commenced and this month we have a strong order book.
We, on 10th January completed the acquisition of Ford plant in Sanand and we saw very strong response to the product unveils at the Auto Expo which I will talk about in the next slide.
Going forward as far as challenges are concerned, I think after a long duration of supply driven industry, now we are in a situation where supply has completely normalized.
It is meeting the demand for all the regular models except for some popular models which are still high on waiting list.
Overall enquiry to the retail time has increased for the industry.
And as far as margin is concerned, we are taking structural material cost reduction actions and we'll continue to drive other levers of margin improvement.
The theme for this Auto Expo was Moving India forward to safer, smarter and greener vehicles.
So this was received very well.
Overall CV, PV cash flows - would draw attention to cash profit after tax - strong and therefore more than adequately funding the capex that we have and we gradually claw back the working capital that we lost in the first quarter, so that's what is happening.
Tata Motors Finance- and I want to take a few minutes on this because this is a disappointment for us this quarter where the GNPA increase that we saw in this portfolio – there are 2 reasons.
The early results are encouraging and the GNPA is starting to reduce November, December and January so far has been trending well - where the maturity efficiencies improving to 102%.
We don't see stress there and capital adequacy also is quite comfortable there.
We remain cautiously optimistic both in JLR as well as India and there are enough global uncertainty that we are all aware of, but we still remain optimistic and we can't be complacent and hence the work both in JLR and in India on the innovation intensity as well as activating the market and ensuring that we win our rightful place here.
And of course, chip supplies are likely to improve further and therefore volumes will continue to ramp up steadily, particularly in JLR and commodity prices, we do expect stability and therefore the focus on profitable growth should deliver a strong EBIT and free cash flows in Q4 as well.
How much was undrawn and drawn Interest rates increased by?
And additionally given the cash cushion the company enjoys, is there a scope for optimizing the revolver debt balance further?
The documentation is pretty much identical to the prior revolver, the pricing margin did go up 50 basis points to 3.35%, but that's on a drawn basis and on an undrawn basis all we do is we pay 35% of the margin.
Well just because I think it is low cost liquidity insurance and we actually used to have a higher revolver than that I don't really think we're considering taking down the revolver, we obviously have the net debt target that we're still working towards.
Look our order banks are at historical highest compared to pre-supply challenges, they are double the level and you've seen the size of the increases over reduction.
So we believe our order banks are going to stay unnaturally high particularly on the Range Rover where we’re sold out for more than 12 months now.
We have plenty of opportunity to increase demand and stimulate that given we're only spending two-thirds of the level on fixed marketing we were 12 months, 18 months ago or so.
Girish Wagh So the cost increases for RDE are going to be lesser as compared to what we had seen in BSVI Phase 1.
So as you rightly pointed out, M&HCV is growing because of higher freight availability.
I think this year, we see that the freight supply is actually more than the trucks, which are being put into the market and therefore fleet utilization is going up.
And number two, we also see that in ILCV one had seen a significant penetration of CNG where to some extent the diesel vehicles were also underutilized when the large portion of CNG got pushed in or bought in more so.
And we do expect that this year while the MHCVs may grow above 45% on a year-on-year basis for the entire year, ILCV may end up growing only 14% to 15%.
As far as small vehicles are concerned, even here, I think it is the base effect which is coming in, but this continues to grow.
The growth rate is tapering quarter-over-quarter, but still I think it appears that for the entire fiscal we should see a growth rate of more than 20%.
Till what production level would you have to compensate vendors and the related question - is chip related cost inflation expected to start moderating in CY 2023 as supplies improve.
And you also talked about increased SG&A spend.
So there's a long way from today to normal, but we do believe that increasingly quarter-over-quarter we will in calendar year 2023 move towards that normal level until we get 40,000 to that level, a number of the reasons for the claims in particular the utilization of supplier factories which are within this number will still be there.
From an SG&A perspective, we will increase spend, but revenue will increase as well.
So think about SG&A increasing commensurate with improvements in revenue.
So we won't be spending above our entitlement to spend, but as revenue grows, we'll need to stimulate some of that demand both of those datasets would increase.
Given the JLR's FCF generation in third quarter and seasonally strong fourth quarter, is your FCF breakeven outlook for FY 23 conservative?
Look, we've been very consistent on PHEV volumes over the last several quarters, around 11%.
When I look at the order bank that we've referenced, the PHEV orders in that order bank are actually slightly richer than that at the moment, so up to 14%.
So there is no indication at this point in time that any customer incentive changes on PHEV is having a sizable impact on the orders that we actually are receiving.
The strong JLR cash flow in the third quarter - I think if we go back to the page that we talked to earlier, we are expecting a strong cash flow in quarter four.
I'm hopeful cash from operations will increase a bit with the increased volume.
Our investments are going to increase as well as we've said.
Broadly speaking, underlying cash being similar if not a shade higher in Q4 over Q3.
Considering the strong EV order book, what is the rationale for the price cut in Nexon variant that we saw two, three days back.
And is it supported by cost reductions?
One is that we have a future growth aspiration as far as Nexon EV is concerned and with the improving capacity and supply, I think this was one big consideration.
Also, the visibility of underlying structural costs and in which we have been able to reduce over the last two to three years effort of the deeper localization that we have been working on, there is also an added factor of impending PLI benefits.
And most importantly, keeping the value proposition fiercely strong, to the change in competitive landscape.
As far as brand is concerned, I think Nexon brand enjoys a very strong referral from its large customer base of 40,000 plus now.
And in terms of its value proposition, it is the best in terms of compelling mix of our best tech features, premium in-cable experience, multiple range options.
I think the revised pricing action with improved range only makes it higher on consideration and more desirable for our customers.
So I think on the discounting as we have been speaking about it for the medium and heavies and intermediate and light commercial vehicles we have started pulling back the discounts from the month of September and we see a good impact of that flowing into our results for Q3.
And we will continue to be on this path even in Q4 to bring down the discount and also bring more transparency in the systems.
As far as the small commercial vehicles are concerned, I think this discount reduction journey we have started even earlier right from Q1 of this year.
We will continue that as well and ensure that finally it helps us build margins in each of the product lengths.
And, this month we are ramping up and I think we have kept the target that we should always keep the waiting period within six months and that would be the intention.
So we will be able to temporarily ramp up to ensure that waiting period is kept within period which is acceptable to the customers.
In JLR, how do we see the VME trending given the macro and aggressive pricing from EV OEM?
While we still have had demand and orders increasing above supply that will continue to be the place.
And then VME will start to gradually lift to 2%, 2.5% level at some point.
So future expectations still remains strong.
In tippers the sentiment index has improved marginally.
In ILCV it has dipped a bit again because of post-festive season impact and for small commercial vehicles, it remains quite stable.
As far as CNG penetration is concerned, currently, I think the bigger anxiety is the volatility in CNG prices but the CNG prices actually went up very fast.
So that is a bigger anxiety in the minds of the customer, but the actions that the government has taken and once the CNG prices stabilize at this level or a bit lower level, the CNG vehicles do have an inherent TCO advantage.
In terms of EV, I think, one will clearly see higher penetration in buses first because of the government push.
And one will also see a good penetration happening in the last mile distribution due to the pull from companies who are having their own net zero greenhouse gas emission commitments.
I think that's how we will see EV penetration happening more in buses and small commercial vehicles.
We are seeing price cuts in EVs in China and other regions.
And on the PV side we already answered the question on the EV price cuts that have happened, but there's an another angle to it, with the raw material cost index not coming down, how do you see the EV profitability going forward?
ICE prices are going to go up, so therefore it will support the higher price for EVs while the secular trend of the components for EVs will keep on coming down, there has been a temporary volatility that we have seen in the battery prices, which was very steep last calendar year but also it has started moderating in this year.
So there will be short term pressure on the cost, because of these temporary volatilities, but we have to focus on driving the scale because that is what is going to bring down the cost further as we are driving the deeper localization.
I think keeping all these in mind, it is going to be in mid-term very beneficial from a mix perspective.
