Global commodity prices staged a recovery during January-March quarter and continued to face an uncertain and volatile operating environment similar to the rest of the financial year.
Steel prices across key regions were higher in March compared to December with Western markets inching up.
Overall, the spot spreads witnessed an improvement in the fourth quarter on QoQ basis and were above the FY2023 average levels but continued to be below levels witnessed in FY2022.
The economic activity in India continued to improve and apparent steel 1
consumption was up 14% YoY for the fourth quarter and 13% for the financial year.
The YoY growth in the financial year is an indicator of prevalent domestic demand and was despite the imbalances created by the levy of export duty earlier in the year.
For Tata Steel, FY2023 has been a year of strategic progress as we continue to align our portfolio with the India growth story.
India's crude steel production now makes up two – third of the overall production of Tata Steel and should further improve in the coming years.
On an absolute basis, Tata Steel India achieved highest-ever crude steel production of 19.9 million tons and grew 4% YoY on debottlenecking across sites and ramping up the Neelachal Ispat asset.
India deliveries grew mostly in line with the production to surpass the previous best recorded in FY2022, and domestic deliveries grew 11% YoY with record deliveries across segments.
Moving to the quarter, our deliveries grew 9% QoQ to 5.15 million tons and saw steady improvement across sectors, particularly auto and retail.
Our net realisations improved by Rs.
1,700 per ton and were better than the guidance of around Rs.
We continue to pursue multiple initiatives to reduce our emissions, including a recently initiated trial for injecting large quantity of hydrogen into one of our blast furnaces at Jamshedpur, a global first.
In terms of growth, multiple projects are underway across India, and we are steadily progressing towards our aspiration of 40 million tons in India.
This marks the beginning of an improvement in product mix.
In Longs, we are well placed to more than double the operations by FY2030 via multi-location growth and are also focused on product mix enrichment by expansion at our downstream operations.
The cold mill upgrade is progressing, and the product mix should improve upon commissioning in the next few months.
I'm also happy to share with you that Tata Steel has been recognized by Worldsteel as Sustainability Champion for the sixth time in a row and by the World Economic Forum as Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Lighthouse.
Excluding the FX impact, the EBITDA was higher at Rs.
8,318 crores and was up more than 75% on QoQ basis.
As provided in Slide 28, there was margin expansion during the quarter on account of improved 2
steel realisation and moderation in costs.
Within costs, material costs were down, while there was a slight increase in the conversion costs driven by royalty expenses and FX impact on intercompany loans provided over time.
Royalty increased by about Rs.
229 crores versus a gain of Rs.
Overall, the EBITDA margin improved from 18% in the third quarter to about 24% in the fourth quarter.
Further improved profitability was also witnessed at our Indian subsidiaries, including Tata Steel Long Products, which turned EBITDA positive on consolidated basis within 9 months of acquisition of NINL.
As shown in Slide 13, deliveries were up by about 9% QoQ, and improvement in cost was mostly offset by the drop in the revenue.
Further, the cost decreased by £60/t.
While the spot prices of energy have dropped sharply, our energy costs did not fall as much as we had hedges in place.
You will remember, the hedging for energy cost had helped protect us during the European energy crisis last year - while there was a spike in natural gas and power prices in spot markets, our cost did not increase as much.
Spot prices of natural gas dropped sharply this quarter, but the drop in our costs will take a quarter or two to reflect in the profit and loss account.
1,755 crores and decreased QoQ upon lower non-cash deferred tax.
You are aware that over the previous 15 months, the British Steel Pension Scheme had completed about 3 insurance buyouts of its pension liabilities up to 62% with Legal & General UK.
Based on the assessment, Tata Steel Netherlands is expected to have adequate liquidity.
Tata Steel UK continues to implement various measures aimed at improving its business performance and conserving its cash and liquidity.
5,020 crores in the third quarter, and this was primarily driven by better working capital management.
Moving to Slide 23, our consolidated revenues for the full year were broadly stable on YoY basis and stood at Rs.
The standalone margin was higher at 22%, while Europe was at 5%, reflecting higher input costs due to inflationary pressures and stressed supply chain.
As Naren mentioned, it was a year of strategic progress with commissioning of the pellet plant and the PLTCM line at Kalinganagar and NINL ramping up to 1 million tons on annualised basis.
There are some subsidiaries like Tinplate, which are expanding capacity, and this will also be reflected in that Rs.
4,800 crores, and our net debt decreased by about Rs.
For the year, we were successful in maintaining our interest cost, despite a 250 basis points increase in the benchmark rate by the RBI, and 475 basis point rate hikes by the Fed.
We remain committed to our long-term target of deleveraging whenever we generate free cash flow, which is surplus to our needs and capex and balance with growth aspirations and move towards a much more healthier balance sheet.
We are adding another Caster in our steel mill shop, which will give us a couple of hundred thousand tons this year because we will better utilise the existing Blast Furnace.
But the full advantage of volumes will come in FY2026.
Because you will get some benefit of volume in FY2025 and most of the 5 million in FY2026.
The pellet plant will help us bring down the cost.
The Cold Rolling Mill will help us add value and the blast furnace will help us add volume.
Especially with Europe, we see that the spreads have improved quite dramatically, so do we expect break-even kind of profitability in the coming quarters?
1,000-1,200 higher per ton compared to the last quarter.
In terms of Europe, it is going to be about £15 per ton higher this quarter over last quarter.
The coal costs are going to be higher this quarter compared to last quarter, both for India and Europe, because we will be consuming what was bought a few months back.
The benefits of lower coal price will accrue in 2Q more than 1Q, so coal costs are expected to be at least $10 - $15 higher in both places.
In Europe, as Koushik mentioned, we have not got the benefit yet of gas prices dropping because some of it is the hedges that we've done in the past, which benefited us last year, hence will not benefit us this year, but will play out over the next two quarters.
So, we will not have the cost advantage that you would have when running at full capacity.
Prashanth Kota, Emkay Global: Congratulations for the good set of numbers on the India front.
The government will calibrate their help such that even if we are making good margins, we never make any free cash flow at all, maybe for the next 20 - 25 quarters.
Even the year which has gone by is an EBITDA positive year, a cash positive year but obviously not in all quarters.
Because of the relining, we have a challenging quarter or two but fundamentally, the business is strong.
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited Yes, I think we have we have seen significant working capital release in the last quarter.
So, each of the sites, each of the units, and on a consolidated basis we are looking as to how to drive working capital even better, because I think some of our working capital elements like debtors etc are really at the lowest level.
Working capital is high on the agenda because that is something that can generate internal cash flows for the business.
And tied to that, you mentioned that the downstream assets are in a much better shape.
We do understand that Tata Steel - TS Global Holdings had historically provided a letter of comfort, refinanced certain debt.
Is there any capital cost inflation compared to initial estimates or is it largely in line?
And we think the cold rolled market will continue to be strong because of auto demand and many other CR applications.
And if the domestic market is growing at 7 million tons or 8 million tons a year, then again, this incremental volume that we add, we don't see much of a problem.
I know others are also adding capacity, but I think we are quite confident about our reach and equity and relationships and product pipeline, etc.
I think you mentioned about $10 higher for the first quarter, but with the current pricing at around or below $250/t, what is the benefit we're looking at in the second quarter?
We are seeing $10/t increase in 1Q, but if you look at the purchase, we are buying on average so far this quarter at about $25/t less than what we bought last quarter.
So that will certainly accrue, and if the coal prices keep softening, then, of course, it will accrue more.
Also, if you could just indicate, we have seen pretty sharp correction in global steel prices across several geographies in the last couple of weeks.
I think if I look at the last few months after China removed its restrictions in December, there was a lot of optimism, and everyone thought the Chinese economy is going to take off and this reflected in steel prices and everything else.
One is, of course, China is expected to grow at 5% plus.
Second point is, as Chinese industry, steel industry particularly ramped up in anticipation of growing demand, they were almost producing at the highest level.
If I remember right, they produced 96 million tons or something in March and exported, and hence they also exported 8 million tons, which is higher than what they've done for a long time, which had an impact on the global sentiment because suddenly an extra 2 million tonnes of steel coming out of China at a point in time when the rest of the world was still a bit fragile didn't help the sentiment.
The coal prices kept dropping, because, firstly, I think China has also developed other sources for coal in the absence of buying coal from Australia.
So, we've seen coal prices soften a bit.
Globally, of course, input costs are settling in, like we said, gas prices in Europe, energy, electricity prices, but we also feel that as some of those prices dropped, some of the user industries who were suffering in Europe because of very high energy prices will have a slightly better situation.
I mean, so while overall, yes, there is still some fragility, but we feel that this year should end up better than last year for us because overall, we don't see the volatility that we saw last year when coal prices went to $650 and then dropped and steel prices went to $800, $900, and then dropped.
Nothing has changed between what has been given in the last decade versus today.
We focus on the businesses to ensure that they are cash neutral to cash positive.
In Netherlands case, the focus is to push them towards being cash positive, which is one of the reasons why I mentioned that they are sitting on €0.5 billion of cash.
This quarter we have seen quite a sharp drop in our RM cost on a QoQ basis.
The royalty rates have actually gone up significantly in the last few years, but the benchmark rate also moves along with a lag.
In India, we will keep exploring these options to reduce the carbon footprint of the blast furnace route.
There is also a level of confidence that we will have some support from the government, unlike the UK.
One is, of course, the conversations from the government indicate that they will be supportive.
Thirdly, the Dutch asset also has always been free cash flow positive unlike the UK.
You indicated NR increased by Rs.
But now we are working very closely with the main contractor, and we are improving week-on-week.
So, pellet plant cost advantage depends on the pellet price.
If the iron ore price is higher, then the gap is significantly higher.
If the gap is lower, then the benefit is lower.
But if you go on a $100/t basis, and plus I think the advantage you will have with this cold rolling mill is it will really be one of the most advanced cold rolling mills in the world.
Both of these will be value accretive and will help push the EBITDA beyond Rs.
And we are on track to expand as fast as the need of iron ore is concerned.
But by this time, our steelmaking capacity would have also grown.
And how much will your debt increase on funding to U.K. and the Rs.
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited Basically, our focus just now is on ramping it up.
Now that we've ramped up, hopefully, in the second half of the year, we're already doing the work on what should be the configuration, what are the assets.
Given that coking coal prices have cooled off, how much working capital unlocking is possible in H1?
So, I think it is a confirmation that the working capital release will contribute to the debt reduction.
What has helped Tata Steel maintain interest cost in a reasonable range despite the sharp increase in benchmark rates and despite an increase in your gross debt?
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited One of the things that we have done is using the long-term, short-term arbitrage through the year, which ensured that in spite of the increase in the benchmark rates, we have been able to hold on to it.
Our interest coverage is at a healthy 5.2x.
And we see that when we inject hydrogen, there is obviously a net benefit.
But if you bring it to maybe around even $4 - $5, you'll have significant advantage.
And has there been any government support to procure hydrogen at a cheaper cost?
But yes, I think this was a big step.
But I think it's a big development, and let's see how fast we can accelerate it.
And the purpose of the merger is to drive synergies on all fronts.
Certainly, there are multiple synergies in business case, which is why we are proceeding with the merger.
So, the CWIP is, in a steel plant if you do a tracking, which has been growing, there are multiple projects that continue to grow both from a sustenance improvement perspective as well as from a capacity growth perspective.
India continues to see strong growth in demand.
Europe, we expect things to slowly get better as energy cost goes up and helps the user industry.
And we also expect that the transition to other energy sources beyond Russia or transition to greener sources also will spur some investments.
So, we do see that as a positive impact.
But I think some of the actions that I described suggest that we will have a better year.
When I say better year, we saw so much volatility last year, it depends on which quarter you compare to.
So that is also positive, because that means it is likely to be less disruptive.
How do you see demand shaping up in the domestic market, specifically which sectors are you seeing growth?
In terms of demand, we still see auto is quite strong, commercial vehicles, passenger vehicles are strong.
Motorbikes are not back to where it was in 2019 but improving QoQ.
Tractors have been strong.
If I look at construction, industrial construction is strong, the pre-engineered building customers have 4 months, 5 months, 6 months order books.
Infrastructure is strong, of course, and that's an area where I expect some acceleration before the election, so that the government can complete both at the Central and State level.
Many of the projects will have a positive impact on the public.
And if I look at commercial, I think it was strong, but, of course, one needs to see the impact of tech on the overall commercial space.
But generally, the sense we get is all shopping malls and those kinds of commercial spaces are quite strong.
So overall, Indian demand is quite strong.
So, the consolidated impact will be lower, the standalone impact will be higher.
