While global inflation and rate hike dynamics have been at the forefront, there were fresh concerns about the banking sector in the past few months, which also weighed on the sentiment.
Prices of key steelmaking materials like coking coal and iron ore continued to be volatile on supply dynamics and wavering expectations about Chinese demand.
The drop in realisations and ongoing upgradation of the cold mill at IJmuiden weighed on spreads despite moderation in costs.
In terms of FX impact, there was a loss of Rs.
At Tata Steel Europe, the EBITDA loss stood at about £176 million and on a per ton basis and was broadly similar to third quarter.
During the last earnings call, we had mentioned a drop in revenue per ton of £70 and reduction in overall costs by about £100/t.
While the revenue per ton dropped by about £58/t, the overall volumes were lower than anticipated, resulting in absolute revenues being lower than expected.
Tata Steel Europe also assessed the potential impact of the economic downturn in Europe on its business outlook.
However, Tata Steel UK is expected to be adversely impacted.
We aim to reduce our leverage and resume the deleveraging journey in FY2024.
The third comment I want to make is 1Q volumes will be lower than 4Q.
I just want you to keep that in mind because in India we have had a few shutdowns.
In Europe while the production will be lower because one blast furnace is down this quarter, but we will use up the slabs.
So, to that extent it will also reflect a bit of higher cost so while spreads may not increase as much as we would have liked this quarter, they would, pretty much remain at similar levels.
On the discussion with the UK government, I heard the interview when you said that there is not much progress.
Between the interest payments, capex, and inventory build, what would have been the total cash loss over there?
It is that uncertainty which is really creating concern.
Lastly, the company goes back to deleveraging but maybe, I missed the target.
And over the last few years as we've been deleveraging, especially in FY2021 and FY2022, we have actually paid off the debt from the overseas subsidiaries and that has been our focus, because that's the weaker part of the business from a cash flow point of view, and therefore, those debt has been taken out as much as we could.
But I think it would be unfair for lenders to kind of bear this as a part of it.
So, we will go through a time when we'll have less HR than we've had because most of the HR will get converted into cold roll.
I think minimum of $25/t drop for next quarter, and hopefully more, if the coal price continues to stay soft.
And for Europe, it's about $7/t higher for this quarter compared to last quarter and purchasing is at about $35/t lower than last quarter so far.
We have seen pretty sharp cuts across the board, be it iron ore, coking coal, steel.
And when coal and iron ore dropped and this happened in China, steel prices dropped because the margins were reasonably good.
But now I think where we are currently, there's not much margin for the steel companies in China.
So, I don't expect this level of exports or prices continuing to drop at these kind of coal prices.
FY2024 will be 1.5 million tons higher than FY2023 on a consolidated basis.
This year in Europe, particularly in Netherlands, we will produce less obviously because the blast furnace will be down for 4 months, but we will sell more than we produce because we'll roll those slabs into hot rolled coils and sell.
While coking coal is down a bit, but it still doesn't explain the big drop on QoQ basis that we have seen.
So at times, it goes up, at times, it goes down.
But the situation is not as dire as one would have seen in the UK, where the cash flows of the business, don't support the transition at all.
And that was the basis on which the investment, the PPE in UK, had been written off many years back to a very low number compared to its original number in 2016 or 2017.
So what remains is the investment in the standalone books of Tata Steel, and that investment has been calibrated down by about Rs.
It is there, but it has been significantly impaired over the last 6 – 7 years.
And there were some problems post-upgrade.
One of the subcontractors who was involved went bankrupt and so there had to be alternate measures taken etc.
There were some complications because of which the ramp-up post the upgrade did not happen at the speed that we had wanted.
So that's also part of the reasons why the numbers were not so great for the last 2 quarters, because the product mix was worse than what we would have normally done.
Just now it is lower than that.
It says inventory is still high.
You can bring down the coke rates by about 10% - 15%.
Are we seeing any production cuts in China as their demand has not picked up as expected?
Do you see steel prices and demand subdued this year because of slowing economic growth and higher interest rates across the globe?
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited I think on the first one, what I read was that China Iron and Steel Association (CISA) did a call actually in early May or end April to ask producers to tone down because they were concerned that if steel prices drop and everyone goes back into zero margin, then the business is not sustainable.
So, I think there's already pressure on the Chinese steel producers to cut production to more reflect domestic demand.
Yes, rising interest rates typically are not good for steel demand.
One data point I want to share is that steel trade as a percentage of total steel production has been dropping over the years.
I think it has come down from about 40% of steel production to about 30% of steel production now over the last 10 years.
Firstly, I think we've said there will be slightly lower volumes in 1Q.
So that's why the volumes of 1Q, as I said, is about I think 400,000 tons less than for 4Q.
Export markets have been a little bit more subdued for two-wheelers.
I think the only part of Indian demand, which is a bit fragile is Indian customers, Indian producers who are dependent on export markets.
That's the only area where the slowdown across the world may have a larger impact.
Firstly, you made a point that in the second half, UK had a £100 million to £150 million cash loss.
