In Plant Engineering, • We were expecting a muted quarter, as we had indicated in our Q2 commentary.
However, the unexpected furloughs at some of our top customers led to a weaker than expected performance in Q3.
In Telecom & Hitech, • We had a challenging quarter due to the weakness in ISV, Consumer Electronics and Semiconductors - where customers are spending less and frozen hiring.
We did offset some of this weakness from better 5G spends.
• As we highlighted last quarter, there was a caution in spending which played out in our Hitech segment.
• Coupled with the furloughs in Plant Engineering, we had a muted Q3 in terms of revenue growth.
In respect of client contribution to revenue, all three categories, Top 5, Top 10 & Top 20 have shown a slight decline as compared to Q2, which is due to stronger growth in Top 20-30 accounts.
Realized rupee for Q3 was around 82.6 to the dollar, a depreciation of over 2% compared to Q2.
• LTTS EBIT margin in Q3 stands at 18.7%.
• In Q1 of FY24, there could be an immediate impact of 180-200bps on EBIT margin resulting from consolidation of SWC.
We got hit by additional furloughs as we call it, because there were customers that came back and said that they would like to slow down the projects, etc.
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 a dip of 180-200bps, but that's something that would have been with any acquisition.
Amit, you did mention that the demand impact is largely furloughs, but when I look at your guidance, the guidance cut is $5M to $15M in revenues, whereas basis of furlough impact, the impact should not happen more than $2M to $3M So just trying to reconcile some basic numbers behind the guidance cut.
Whereas LTTS, despite strong win announcements had continued moderation in growth rate.
We have seen historically, you tend to be fairly conservative when you provide your revenue growth guidance like generally not like to kind of cut it back as you had to do this quarter.
Are there any signs which have now started becoming visible whether the increased furloughs in Q3 also were a factor of the macro pressure and does this increases the risk to how you are kind of visualizing qualitatively despite FY24 spend from corporates?
However, in ISV, CE and Semiconductor, we've seen a fair degree of caution that they were exercising last quarter also & this quarter also.
Finally, other than parts of Semiconductor, ISV, CE, mostly, you see a company-specific cut in terms of spending, but not a sector-wide.
As we have mentioned that the first quarter of next year, we will see a 180-200bps impact of margins.
In fact, one more thing was that you remember at one time, Japan, they were trying to do something and they stalled it because of COVID, again starting to have conversations where it should come back, et cetera.
you mentioned that in ISV, there was some pressure.
Will ISV shut down some of these older legacy products that should we say - do we see a hit?
Yes, the number of people buying laptops has gone down because all of us purchases a laptop they wanted to & going back to work now.
This has been soft for past four quarters now.
Or do you expect the core organic margins also to deteriorate from that 18.5% you reported?
Rajeev Gupta: Let me clarify, this does not bake in any deterioration on the organic margin.
