L&T Technology Services Limited A.M. Naik Tower,6th Floor, L&T Campus, Gate No.3, Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road, Powai, Mumbai-400072.
www.ltts.com January 27, 2023 National Stock Exchange of India Limited Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 NSE Symbol: LTTS BSE Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 BSE script Code: 540115 Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022 Dear Sir / Madam, Please find attached the transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized by the Company on January 19, 2023, for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022, for your information and records.
This will also be placed on the Company’s website at www.ltts.com.
Thanking You, Yours sincerely, For L&T Technology Services Limited signed Prajakta Digitally by Prajakta Powle Ashish Ashish Date: 2023.01.27 Powle 16:01:37 +05'30' Prajakta Powle Company Secretary & Compliance Officer (M. No.
A 20135) Encl: As above Registered Office: L&T House, N. M. Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001.
INDIA Tel: +91 22 6752 5656 Fax: +91 2267525858 L&T Technology Services is a subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro Limited CIN: L72900MH2012PLC232169
L&T Technology Services Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript For the Earnings Call held on January 19, 2023, 19:00hrs IST MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT CHADHA – CEO, MR. ABHISHEK SINHA – COO, MR. RAJEEV GUPTA – CFO, MR. PINKU PAPPAN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking statements, which involve number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements.
L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf.
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to L&T Technology Services Limited Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’on your touchtone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pinku Pappan, Head of Investor Relations.
Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Pinku Pappan: Thank you, Faizan.
Hello everyone, and welcome to the earnings call of L&T Technology Services for the Third Quarter of FY23.
I am Pinku, heading Investor Relations.
Our financial results, investor release and press release have been filed with the Stock Exchanges and are also available on our website, www.ltts.com.
I hope you have had a chance to go through them.
This call is for 60 minutes.
We will try to wrap the management remarks in 25 minutes and then open up for Q&A.
The audio recording of this call will be available on our website approximately one hour after this call ends.
Let me now introduce the leadership team present on this call.
We have Amit Chadha - CEO; Abhishek - COO; and Rajeev Gupta - CFO.
We will begin with Amit providing an overview of the company's performance and outlook, followed by Rajeev, who will walk you through the financial performance.
Let me now turn the call over to Amit.
Amit Chadha: Thank you Pinku and thank you all for joining us on the call today.
I hope all of you are keeping healthy and safe.
Page 2 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 Let me now provide the segmental performance and outlook.
• In Auto, demand is being driven by electrification, connected cars and next-generation digital cockpits.
One of our 5 $10M deal is from this area.
• I want to highlight that this is a one-off and not a reflection of the demand environment.
• Key drivers of demand are localization of supply chains, sustainability in operations including energy, water and waste management leading to greenfield/brownfield expansions.
• In the O&G/Chemical sub-segment, many of our customers are continuing to change their product mix leading to design and digital engineering projects for us.
One of our $10M wins has been in this area.
These in turn will become annuity contracts.
Page 3 of 19
• Demand is being driven by Connected devices and digital health platforms, cybersecurity, regulatory compliance and QARA.
Now a few highlights on our Digital engineering and Technology progress.
Page 4 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 Let me now discuss the Outlook.
I now request Rajeev to walk you through the Financials.
Rajeev Gupta: Thanks, Amit.
Now let me take you through Q3 FY23 financials, starting with the P&L.
This has been the 6th consecutive quarter of 18% plus EBIT margin.
Page 5 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 Moving to Balance sheet, let me highlight the key line items.
Let me now talk about cash flows – Our YTD Free Cash Flow was ₹ 826 Cr, at 96% of Net income.
We continue various employee engagement measures to manage attrition.
I would now like to hand it over to Amit to spend a few minutes on our recent SWC acquisition.
Over to you, Amit.
Amit Chadha: Thanks, Rajeev.
I hope it is clear there seems to be some disturbance in the line, so I just pushed on.
Page 6 of 19
We received feedback and queries from you.
We would like to acknowledge and thank you for the feedback.
2) What are our integration plans and 3) What is the roadmap for revenue/margins for this business and the company?
I shall address the first one, and Rajeev will address the subsequent ones.
Starting with How will we achieve the turnaround?
We go down to basics.
SWC business is broadly, three parts, Communications, Smart Cities and Cybersecurity.
Let me divide the target market into two subparts.
1) Enterprise and 2) Telecom which includes Operators and Telecom Infra OEMs.
Within our Enterprise customer base, there is a demand for SOC, NOC, private 5G and localized datacenters.
I wrote to our TOP 100 clients about the acquisition after we announced it, and 55+ clients have confirmed interest in our expanded service offerings.
Within Telecom, there are huge spends around network engineering where we now have both scale, onsite offshore model to offer cost arbitrage and track record or prequal as it's known in the industry - which is extremely critical in discussions and large deal processes.
Page 7 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 In summary, for Communications, the LTTS heritage portfolio of around $60M combined with about $100M from SWC will together be a $160M business unit, henceforth referred to as Next Gen Communication.
Moving to Sustainable Spaces SWC brings capabilities in Efficient Campuses and Cities, Utilities, Mobility, Public Safety and Environment, while we have expertise in smart buildings.
LTTS has tie-ups with Microsoft and other hyperscalers.
Additionally, their integrated command and control centers that have been built for cities is a real differentiator for us.
We will take SWC solutions to the US and Canada and select countries in Europe, Middle East and Asia, leveraging our existing footprint.
We will have a direct sales team as well as leverage our extensive Partner network to expand these markets.
We will have a combined portfolio of around $40M, which is ~$30M from SWC and $10M from heritage LTTS.
Finally, on Cybersecurity, We will leverage the SOC in Chennai from SWC along with the talent that both of us have recruited in respective companies.
We have multiple ongoing engagements in Cybersecurity and the SWC team and leadership is a shot in the arm for us at the right time.
With SWC, we will be uniquely positioned to offer full lifecycle threat management, OT, Product, IIoT and enterprise security.
Page 8 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 So the key messages that I want to leave you with around the ability to turn this around and grow are: 1) We have done our diligence, consulted experts and engage with our customer base on how our expanded capabilities can help them.
2) We will transform the SWC business from being a master systems integrator to a master software solutions player.
I would now hand over to Rajeev to address the Integration plan and our Revenue/Margin roadmap.
Rajeev?
Rajeev Gupta: Thanks Amit.
Let me address: How are we planning the integration?
• The pre-integration exercise has been kicked off.
The senior leadership team of both companies are planning for joint delivery and GTM.
• We will run an integration program for the next 180 days that will focus on 6 areas.
o • Top Line, Service Lines, Technology roadmap, Enabling Functions, Bottomline, Working capital and Cashflows.
We are setting up an Integration Management Office with a full-time integration leader reporting into me.
o The integration management office will be responsible for ensuring readiness on Day 1, preparing the road map for synergy realization and supporting various function leaders in planning and execution.
Now let me address the medium-term aspiration of Revenue and margins.
• On Revenue, with the acquisition of SWC, we reconfirm our aspiration of $1.5B run rate by FY25.
Thank you.
And with that, I hand it over to the moderator for Q&A session.
Page 9 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 Moderator: The first question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JPMorgan.
Bhavik Mehta: A couple of questions.
Firstly, to Amit.
And how should we look at 4Q then, what are you hearing from clients when it comes to conversion of those deals into revenues so that's one.
So outside of SWC, can we expect 18.5% as a new base of margins going forward?
Or do you think that 18% is the normal range to look at outside of SWC?
Amit Chadha: So, number one, I am confirming that Q3, you see normally, if you look at Q3, it has a lesser number of working days, right.
I mean that's about, if I may be exact, I am an engineer & that's the problem we want to be exact.
So about 3% lesser working days are there.
So, we know that and that's how we had said we'll have a muted quarter.
in Plant Engineering.
So therefore, it was a furlough impact more than anything else, and that's how I would leave it.
From a deal velocity standpoint, I will say similar TCV, 3-digit of total deal closures that we have had.
So, three of those clearly in Industrial Products, which is a high-margin business for us, one of them in Plant Engineering, which is again higher margin and the fifth one in T&OH for us, so which is Transportation.
We've had that plus there are multiple $5M deals that we have signed in Medical, in Telecom and Hitech, etc.
Deal velocity is similar & we talked about the empanelment as well, and that also came through last quarter, so I do see that.
In fact, I do want to say that other than Hitech, which we have called out in my commentary, the three sub segments that are there, we are seeing project approvals and continuation of teams, etc.
Now with that, Rajeev, margins?
Rajeev Gupta: In respect of margins, Bhavik, I just would like to say a few things.
I did indicate that with consolidation of SWC in Q1 FY24, we should see Page 10 of 19
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak Securities.
Kawaljeet Saluja: Just a couple of questions.
The first is on demand.
Is there more to it rather than just furloughs, which would have led to a change in your guidance that's the first question.
The second question is more on relative comparison.
That's something which I hate relative comparison but tempted to ask this for the first time.
So is there any, I mean, shift in share or loss of share, which one needs to contend we're probably worried about in your case.
So yes, those are a couple of questions, I’d appreciate it if you can answer them.
Amit Chadha: So, the change in guidance, we are saying we'll deliver 15% is basically based on muted Q3.
So that's where that is, and that's where that stands.
Now in terms of comparison, it was a specific Plant Engineering issue that I believe is since resolved.
But of course, finally proof is in the pudding.
You will see that at the end of Q4 when we come back and declare that to you.
In fact, if I look at the total number of clients itself, if I look at it year-on-year, I would say we've gone from 318 clients to 343.
I also want to add that I have visibility to the current run rate that we think we'll end up in Q4.
We were not getting invited to certain Telecom specific RFPs in network engineering given the size of the deals and what we had as capabilities in spite of buying Orchestra Technologies and growing organically, so we went in for this (SWC acquisition).
Moderator: We'll take the next question from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
Page 11 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 Mukul Garg: Amit, I just wanted to follow up on the guidance part only.
There is obviously this is happening in the backdrop of the macro constraint which you are seeing across the board.
Amit Chadha: I want to give you a long-ish answer, if you don't mind here.
So, let's go segment-wise.
When you look at Transportation, right, we have not seen any moderation in spend.
And we do see new programs kicking in, etc.
And that's across Auto, Aero and T&OH.
Now Medical that you have has always been traditionally, the work we do, a very conservative sector.
Fourth is Hitech.
I will say this that there are five sub segments in Hitech.
There's ISV, there is Consumer Electronics (CE), there's Semiconductor, there is Media & Entertainment (M&E) and then there is Telecom.
We have not seen any cutback in Telecom, which is Infra and OEMs or in M&E.
In Medical, forgot mentioning one thing - Healthcare is investing.
Finally, come to Plant Engineering.
Like I said, again, Plant was a one-off issue in the quarter (Q3), since addressed.
I'm going to assure you that the Plant Engineering will come back in Q4 and beyond.
So that's how I see this.
Moderator: We'll take the next question from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities.
Vibhor Singhal: So, two questions from my side.
And we also had all these deals with the Airbus as well.
Page 12 of 19
Secondly, my question was just a big basically, a quick clarification of the SWC margin thing.
Would there be any non-recurring impact of that as well?
Or is it just the integration, which is going to reset the margin to that level?
And then gradually, we're going to wrap it up as the growth comes in and as we basically rationalize the operations.
So that's the two questions from my side.
Amit Chadha: One on Airbus, I do want to acknowledge one thing.
Dr. Panda, as you're aware, is an Aerospace engineer & this account is very close to his heart.
So, we did start trying to pursue this while he was CEO.
So, I do want to say for an aerospace engineer, getting Airbus empanelment for digital manufacturing etc.
is a dream.
I do think and a lot of people to thank, compliment, etc.
Having said that, I'll tell you Aerospace, the spend that is coming back is one there are design cycle that is starting again for the next-gen aircraft, right?
People are looking at smaller aircraft, they're looking at single aisle.
There are people that are talking about it.
You can read the press on that.
There is hybrid aircraft that people are talking about, etc.
So those design cycles, concept cycles are starting.
These are generally about a seven-to-ten-year cycle, right?
So that is starting up.
So you will see more spend coming out for structures or avionics, etc.
Second, what's happening is there is a technology conversion happening from mechanical to electric, power electronics, et cetera, within the existing aircraft.
That again is a smaller cycle, that's about maybe a five-year cycle.
So that's kicking off as well.
So that's number two.
Number three, the digital manufacturing part that they are bringing to a shop floor for a more integrated delivery, full life cycle system as they deliver aircraft and people take deliveries.
So that is what is happening.
So that's that.
Rajeev Gupta: Let me take the question on the consolidation impact.
In the previous analyst call, I did indicate that the SWC margin is in the range of 8% to 10%.
So, Q1 truly is the impact of consolidating Page 13 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 the two financials and of course, the impact in terms of acquisition, etc.
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie.
Ravi Menon: Well, two questions.
First, within transportation, would you say that at least this year, Automotive is Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, please use the handset mode.
The audio is not clear.
Amit from the way you sounded it looks like Aerospace is going to pick up.
So how should we think about growth within Transportation overall for CY23?
Amit Chadha: Ravi, can you repeat that, please?
And how should we think about CY23?
And let's wait for April to conclude which grew the fastest and slowest.
But I will say this to you that for CY23, see, there are a few trends that we definitely see happening.
A) One is a lot more electrification of Automotive, so that will continue.
So, that is definitely happening.
C) Aerospace, we believe, is starting a design cycle, but more than mechanical, we believe this will be more avionics and electrification, etc.
led and digital manufacturing led.
The reason I make that point is that earlier design cycles used to be a lot more mechanical led.
This time, we are seeing a change in that.
So how should we think about this?
Amit Chadha: See, for those that have followed us two years now and talk to us, ISV is one of our smaller sub segments, right?
Our exposure to ISV is fairly limited from a hit standpoint.
Having said that, ISVs are reconsidering their spends.
There was a lot of pie in the sky ideas and projects that were getting talked about.
All that definitely is taking a back - shall I say back bench because they Page 14 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 also want to start delivering profit, they want to look at, etcetera.
So that's there.
But Telecom & Hitech, I do want to say that 5G spends are on and will continue to do that.
Second, ISVs are trying to stop some area of spending, but they are starting to spend in devices that they are building that will work with 5G and then tomorrow, 6G, WiFi 6, etc.
I am hopeful Semcom will definitely come back because the amount of semiconductor required in Auto that's required in data center is there.
But having said that, it's just temporary because if you look at the kind of production capacities that companies are building and design there are talking about, I do believe it will come back.
Moderator: We'll take the next question from the line of Sulabh Govila from Morgan Stanley.
Sulabh Govila: So a couple of questions from my side.
There seems to be no major wins listed this quarter, but so I just wanted to understand, has there been a change incrementally in the way clients are awarding deals?
Or is it just a timing issue in this quarter?
And the second is on the $30M client bucket, there's a moderation in that number QoQ.
So, is that also related to the Plant Engineering related furloughs or that's related to some other client?
Amit Chadha: The number one, Auto, not having a single $10M deal.
Again, I said this to some of you once that engineers think like engineers, they don't think like businesspeople, they don't know that $9M is not counted in $10M deals.
I would confirm to you that there are deals in Automotive as well.
In fact, there are incremental deals.
I don't know whether we’ve made it press or not.
There were a couple of new ODCs inaugurated in this last quarter.
Maybe - they have asked us for names to not be published, so we didn't, but there are a couple of new ODCs that have been published.
And I believe that some of them, they're already closed or are closing in the current quarter.
So, I would not be worried about not announcing a deal in Auto.
I was focused more on making sure that we get - because last quarter, we got feedback on this, the $9M is $9M and it’s not $10M.
So, we made sure that there are some deals between $10M, nearly close to $20M also.
But we haven't called them out as $20M because we believe in the practice of being a little conservative on these things.
Now in fact, we are doing walk-ins in Munich.
So, anybody who has friends can even recommend people and in Bangalore & Mysore.
Page 15 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 Now let me go on to the $30M.
I agree with you that that $30M, there was one client, in fact, less in sequential LTM,.
In fact, not just $30M, we were flat in $20M as well.
So I have access to Q4 data, which I expect we will do.
And you will see some of these furloughs did have an impact across, right, everybody there was a shorter quarter, etc.
So, what I can confirm to you is that this will correct itself.
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management.
I mean your comments with respect to this geography.
That will be helpful.
And my second question was on this Airbus notification that we made.
Earlier also, we were like a strategic engineering partner, and now we are there for advanced capabilities.
So, what kind of spend could be there for us specifically over the next year from the Aero side?
I mean could it be like $5M kind of a spend per quarter?
Could that be the potential opportunity?
So I wanted to understand that.
Yes, those were the questions.
Amit Chadha: So Mihir, here are the answers.
I can confirm to you that we don't work in India, right?
Largely, our India revenue that we report is actually INR billing, but it is done for US and European customers.
So please read it like that.
In fact, next year, we will review this and see if there's another way to present this because we get asked this question every quarter.
So, we'll review this.
Second, Airbus.
See, please understand, Airbus is a very -- shall I say, -- I want to find the right word for you.
They have a very process-oriented methodical empanelment exercise, etc.
So, what happened last time around when we announced it was we have been chosen by Airbus for Skywise platform and they had empaneled us as a vendor and given us MSA, etcetera, signed global really, which was earlier only in India MSA.
Now what they have done is, specifically in digital manufacturing and the other area, they have qualified a spend and said we will spend X amount of money, and we have been empaneled as Page 16 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 one of I again can't give a number who are not liberty by Airbus to do that, but one-off say N number of suppliers and N is a very small number.
So, they will spend that XX dollars amongst those very little vendors in those two particular areas.
The reason I am again not quantifying it is because that is a discussion we've had with Airbus on.
We actually started recruiting, training, etcetera, as well as building team organization structures, etc.
I will actually request my colleague, Abhishek, our COO, to talk a little bit about the process he does to get ready for such ramp-ups.
In avionics and digital manufacturing.
And a point was asked earlier, were we slowing down.
This year, we've been a 3%+ range.
Quarter 3 was muted.
And next quarter, we see it's not played out yet.
That's why we give guidance and let's say, don't give a firm number.
We still have to bill, we still have to invoice, to collect.
I can assure you that it will be greater than 3%.
Will it be 4%, will it be more is to be seen.
Abhi, would you like to add on Aero specifically what we're doing in terms of that?
Abhishek Sinha: I think you all would have heard about the center we opened in Toulouse about 4 months back.
And no one invests in a center in France, if they don't have the confidence of growing in the region, and it was for Airbus, and that's the reason we opened that center.
And this is all in the backdrop of a very structured academy program that we have, training program that we have created in partnership with the Airbus all our training materials, the way we go about it, there’s an engine running and how we hire people and train them & internally move people into the account.
We have even won some awards again can't share details.
Moderator: We'll take the next question from the line of Akshay Ramnani from Axis Capital.
Akshay Ramnani: So, first question was on offshoring.
I wanted to understand what are the drivers of this trend and which are the verticals where we expect this to be play out?
Amit Chadha: So let me start by sharing the verticals, and then I will request Abhi, my colleague, COO to address the drivers for offshoring to increase.
From a vertical standpoint, see, as you look at it, we expect it to be, and I want to say this, you'll see this across verticals.
It's not a vertical or a second vertical, you'll see this across verticals.
I would also say that digital engineering – digital Page 17 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 products and services as well as embedded, testing, parts of digital manufacturing.
We'll see this a lot more, right?
So, it's across.
It's not like it's one or the other.
Abhi, would you like to give the drivers for offshoring?
Traditionally.
Abhishek Sinha: Yes.
I think when we looked at our operational strategy, while everyone knows utilization freshers pyramid, these are all usual levers that you look at for margin growth.
But offshoring is probably one of the biggest levers that we have, as a company, decided to work on.
Our nearterm aspiration is to go to 60% of our revenue coming from offshore.
The freshers that we take every quarter anywhere between 500 to 600 freshers that we take every quarter.
The last point I would like to mention is we have very actively started engaging with our customers in pushing the work to offshore, we have kind of created an ‘offshorablity index’ of our various service offerings.
And we engage with -- we have started engaging with the customers actively on why a certain piece of work must be done offshore and of course, leveraging the whole hybrid working model that the COVID has taught us to see this work can be done from outside office, can be done anywhere.
That whole engine between sales and delivery are starting to show results.
We have been working on this for some time, and I expect this to continue.
Akshay Ramnani: And second one was on headcount addition.
And here on, we would need to add headcount going forward.
Is that the situation now?
Amit Chadha: Yes.
I do want to confirm that Q4 onwards, I do believe that headcount addition sequentially will come back.
We do invest in labs, we invest in people working in labs, people creating solutions, practices, widgets, etc.
Moderator: We'll take the next question from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak Securities.
Please go ahead.
Kawaljeet Saluja: My question is for Rajeev.
Rajeev now when you are doing some back of the envelope calculation on margin guidance.
And it seems that the way you have given guidance implies no contribution or a bit from the acquisition, SWC acquisition.
Now is this largely because of Page 18 of 19
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call January 19, 2023 amortization charge?
As far as the SWC acquisition, there is part of amortization also baked into it.
Plus, there may be some investment that we would have to make.
And as you would appreciate, the strategy that Amit talked about in terms of Next-gen Communication, Sustainable Spaces and Cybersecurity, we will bring in experienced sales leaders to be based in respective geographies where we want to drive growth, right, and be able to position this to the existing customers and also solicit newer customers.
So, part of that will be investments.
Kawaljeet Saluja: So, Rajeev, what would be the EBIT margin?
Let say you given the EBITDA margin for SWC, 8% to 10%.
What would the EBIT margin be?
Rajeev Gupta: So, Kawaljeet, I can answer to what is historical.
Like I've said, we've been in an EBITDA range of 8% to 10%.
In terms of EBIT, very similar.
I mean, there is not much of cost between EBITDA and EBIT that that business entails.
So that is where it is.
To your specific question, I may have said this in the previous call also, as we get more color, we will certainly provide that when we come back in Q1 FY24.
Moderator: Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question.
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Pinku Pappan for closing comments.
Pinku Pappan: Thank you, everyone, for being present on the call today.
And we hope we have answered most of your questions.
We'll be happy to connect with you during the course of the quarter to clarify any other questions that may remain.
With that, I would like to say bye and wish you all a very good day.
Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of L&T Technology Services Limited, that concludes this conference call.
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.
Note: This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy.
Page 19 of 19
