And overall, on the e-mobility space as well as the zero-emission mobility space a lot of work happening, and portfolio continued to increase.Next slide.
We also talked about a long-term investment plan under our Reimagine, for a GBP 15 billion investment over the next five years, and the whole electrification roadmap continues to accelerate.
Fair to say it has been an extremely satisfying quarter.
So both the alignment of the vectors are there and the magnitude of vectors are also increasing, which is what has translated into a strong set of numbers for the quarters, resulting on multiple highs and I will quickly cover that in the coming slides.
We ended the year on a pretty strong note with revenue of around Rs.
On a full-year basis, we hit our highest ever revenue at around Rs.
3.5 lakh crores and ended the year with a positive free cash flow of Rs.
The business has been sequentially improving its performance and doing it in significant stretches.
So, very happy with the way we have ended.
Source of growth, in the quarter we grew by about 35%, of which volume and mix contributed 24% of the 35% and the price came in at 10.5%, so price is still a very strong variable in our growth agenda.
Profitability 3.2% went to 6.8% and all businesses contributing to it and JLR coming at a very large swing there, contributing to the 2.8% out of that delta there.
Again debt continues to reduce at Rs.
For us, each one of us in this call, we feel strongly about this, the highest-ever revenue in a quarter, the highest-ever EBITDA in a quarter, one of the strongest PBTs that we delivered and all three auto vertical simultaneously profitable, strong net debt reduction.
And if you factor in that the first half was a very weak first half, we still delivered the highest-ever revenue.
We have the highest EBITDA since 2015, very strong PBT despite the weak start, after factoring the weak start.
And India net debt lowest in the last 15 years, so it's worthwhile just to mull over it to say, I would say, that the potential of this business is slowly starting to come out and that's what we would want to build on when we go into FY24.
This is also something which we are happy about, a dividend of Rs.
So again, very happy to see this.
This has been a key demand for the retail
So, Balaji has already explained some of the positive future announcements for JLR, so I get the chance to go through some positive historical financials as well.
So if you look through retail sales, very glad to see us back over 100,000 units of retail sales for the quarter, that's up 20% versus Q3, and up 30% year-on-year.
Note that each and every metric improves in each and every quarter.
So we have demonstrated strong consistent growth through the year.
In Q4, our revenue GBP7.1billion, that is our highest revenue that we have seen since FY19.
In fact, if you look at the second half of the year, we generated GBP1.3 billion worth of cash, that also is the strongest H2 cash performance for seven years, so since FY16.
A strong performance in Q4.
If you look at the full year, although there is some movement back in retails, that is the natural effect of dealers destocking when we had tight supply and restocking now that supply is coming back on stream.
Free cash flow for the year GBP 521 million, also the best full-year cash flow since FY16.
So we have had, like I say, a strong consistent year.
We do exit the year performing well.
So wholesales for the quarter, 95,000 units, 19% up on the previous quarter and that's been driven by a much more stable and expanding production system.
So our production actually increased from 83,000 units in Q3 to 98,000 units in Q4.
So that's also up 18%.
And that's what’s allowed us to increase our wholesales and meet our customer demand in the period.
So, if you look at this on a regional basis, you'll see reasonably strong through each region in the quarter, the one exception I'll call out and explain is North America, that’s not an issue of fundamental demand,
All other regions strong, including China, progressed in Q4 as well.
Worth saying on the righthand side that the proportion of our electrified vehicle is increasing.
If you look at the BEV and the PHEV section at the bottom from 11% to 17%, that's the result of our, I'd say, increasingly compelling PHEV offers.
So we have increased both the range and the performance of several of the PHEVs in the range and that is starting to show through in the market, along with the removal of some supply constraints that have impacted that.
So we have had significant increase in the share of PHEV from vehicles in our wholesales.
So, volume and mix very favourable.
So we’ve moved to a position where our output inflation in terms of our pricing is now higher than our input inflation.
Last quarter pricing with GBP165 million favorable, material cost was GBP230 million adverse.
Going through to SG&A, another care point there for us, SG&A is increasing, that is partly marketing, as we start to move to a scenario where we do want to trigger some more demand at the back end of this coming year.
The weakening of sterling versus the dollar gave us a favourable revaluation on our dollar-denominated loans which you can also expect.
So, fundamentally the move in PBT quarter-to-quarter is volume to mix -- volume and mix and we've managed to offset input inflation and output inflation.
So this looks then at the move of that PBT through to cash, and look key here is in the middle section of here, cash profit after tax and investment is favourable GBP400million in the quarter.
Working capital continues to move in our favour, that is partly natural as our business expands, our payables expand faster than our receivables.
But also partly from some deliberate measures and initiatives that we put in place, using fairly advanced digital techniques, for example, to reduce our component inventory during the period.
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 In terms of investment, so total investment for the year was just under GBP2.4 billion, that is an increase.
The biggest part of that increase is in engineering, which rose from GBP1.3 billion to GBP1.7 billion.
They get more capitalized, so our capitalization ratio is slowly increasing, it was 53% in the quarter versus 48% last quarter and for the full year it was 45% versus, sorry 43% versus 35% last year.
We would expect that capitalization to continue to increase probably to around the 60% range.
We've also said, Balaji repeated this earlier on, that this investment number will increase.
So we've managed to increase our average revenue consistently over the last five years in FY'23 it moved up fromGBP62,000 to GBP71,000 so up by about 15%.
Part of that is the increased production of Range Rover / Range Rover Sport.
But even within the vehicle lines, we have continued to increase our focus on the higher-level trends.
Our ability to see them in advance is improving due to our relationships with the chip manufacturers and with our suppliers.
And when we do spot them, the number of tools at our disposals to solve those problems is increasing.
So they are proving less of a, I'm going to say nuisance, that’s probably an understatement than they were last year and they could still come back to bite us, but it is considerably improving.
Okay, key for us is to make sure that we are progressively and in a stable manner, bringing our supply up to continue to build our order bank down, just to meet our customers' expectations with the arrival of their vehicles that they wanted.
We are showing good progress in terms of getting Range Rover and Range Rover Sport through our facility in Solihull, went up 2,600 units per week during Q4, and we expect that rise to continue progressively as we go through next year, pushing north of 3,000 units per week during the year.
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 and we spent a large portion of last year, doubling down on our Refocus savings and can proudly say, that we've offset that and more than offset that in terms of our Refocus savings during the year.
So in total, we delivered GBP 1.1 billion in savings through the Refocus programs and that did offset the inbound inflation that we saw during the year.
So China, so we are really proud of the results of our China business, it’s best financial results for five years.
And if you look at the left-hand side, segments of the market that we’re operating in are relatively stable.
Our share of those segments is also relatively stable.
If you look purely at vehicle average sales per unit, for imported volume it is up 8% year-over-year.
From a profitability standpoint, we were PBT positive in the quarter of 13% EBITDA, 2% EBIT.
On a full-year basis we were also PBT positive and EBIT and EBITDA were both 5% higher than FY22.
So very good consistent progress within our China business, best financial year for five years.
We've made some technology upgrades, for example, the PHEV now has a 20% higher range than it did beforehand it goes 40 miles WLTP without charge.
So that vehicle is upgraded.
And as I’ve mentioned before and we're extremely proud of the success of our Range Rover SV, and we've received 6,100 orders for that.
So looking ahead, we are optimistic, so we exited FY'23 in a much stronger position than we started it.
So we're on the right trajectory, and we have had strong and consistent progress.
So we think FY'24 is going to be a good year for us.
In reality, the first half may be a little bit slower, so I expect the second half of the year to be stronger than the first half.
But we do have the momentum that we're looking for and we will have a good year.
Our priorities is to continue to build our supply availability, our robustness, the accuracy with which we give our suppliers our forecasts.
And from a financial perspective, we're saying we're going to deliver 6% plus EBIT.
GBP2 billion free cash flow after investment, which means our net debt will reduce from GBP3 billion at the end of the financial year just finished, to circa GBP1 billion, 12 months from now.
The registration market shares after the correction to the approach to a demand-pull strategy is now starting to recover.
Our Q4 better than Q3, barring one which is the – what used to be called intermediate and light commercial vehicles, MGV’s is where we still need to get some further impetus on that.
But everywhere everything else starting to sequentially start improving.
On overall volumes, the call-out here is the powertrain mix that you see, with the CNG prices now coming under policy, and therefore expecting some stabilization in terms of the delta between that and diesel, one would expect to see the CV numbers, sorry CNG numbers starting to change as well.
Overall revenues, happy that we ended the quarter with a double-digit EBITDA, something that we said we want to get to as soon as possible.
And the business ended the year pretty strong with revenue of around Rs.
21,000 crores and an EBITDA of 10.1%, and clearly, with market share starting to inch-up as well as profitability starting to improve, the business is in the right track.
The source of money that you are seeing, where the profitability came from - volume, mix, realizations, savings, all coming through quite nicely.
So the other big one is the consumer-facing metrics, which is a very, very important on a demand-pull strategy to ensure that the brand is in a strong wicket, very happy with the way things are starting to move.
The brand is – with the interventions coming through, be it the power – the brand power, the consideration top box, top of mind awareness, all trending in the right direction and some very good numbers even at a geographical level as well.
And of course, the dealer satisfaction, as well as the composite satisfaction score doing pretty well.
So, I think the industry continued its growth in volumes, and one saw growth of 22% over the same quarter last year.
And in annual terms a growth of almost 34%.
As Balaji mentioned, we had highest annual and quarterly revenue for FY’23 and Q4 of FY’23.
And I think as we started our discount reduction strategy from Q3, and as we continued ahead, we were able to grow our Vahan share, the registration share in Q4 versus Q3.
With focus on continuously improving the product and service competitiveness, as well as our communication to the customer.
I think the nonvehicle business which has been a significant area of focus grew by almost 33%.
And both spares and service penetration has been continuously improving for last three years now.
With all this, the EBIT improved sequentially and is now highest in 21 quarters, with most of it coming from discount pullback, part of it from cost reduction and also commodities softening, which happened in H2.
While the entire industry grew by 22% vs Q4 FY22 and 34% over the last year, I think the good part was significant growth
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 in the medium and heavy commercial vehicles, almost 52% over the last year.
And the passenger segment, especially the buses, which were almost down and out during COVID, has seen a very good growth, finally in the year gone by.
I think as Balaji showed some metrics, our continuous focus to improve the brand health through judicious mix of ATL communication, Digital communication, and also lot of influencer advocacy has actually led to a good improvement in net promoter score.
And in fact net promoter score has reached the highest-ever level now to 71 and the brand power also grew by 170 bps.
So, I think both at a very good levels.
We have transitioned the entire portfolio to BS6 Phase II and in line with our philosophy, once again we have gone beyond near compliance to the regulations.
And across the range in each and every product, we have further strengthened the superiority in terms of the total cost of ownership, comfort and convenience, connectivity in terms of Fleet Edge, as well as the safety features, which have been added especially in the trucks.
On the CNG, interestingly, I think with the new guideline, apart from reduction in the CNG prices, I think the biggest uncertainty which was in the minds of the customers was about the difference in CNG prices with respect to diesel, and for that matter, even petrol.
So, with this new pricing guideline, not only the CNG prices have dropped, but it is also getting pegged with diesel, which will gradually start bringing in good certainty in the minds of the customer and we will see the CNG penetration increase.
Towards this, I think we have a very strong CNG portfolio, both in ILCV as well as MCVs, and last year we launched our CNG vehicles and heavy trucks, as also our intra portfolio.
As I have said, I think the BS6 Phase II products have come up with a lot of value enhancements, features, and performance improvement.
Getting into this year, I think we will now start scaling up EV supplies with the supply chain being resolved, FAME certification clarity being there and both on ACE-EV as well as the electric buses, which are meant for the CESL tender.
Downstream business will continue to grow being a focus area for us.
And in international markets we will continue to play safe.
We will maintain or grow market shares, ensure that margin and channel health is protected.
Coming to the electric mobility, so I think we have completed all our electric bus deliveries meant to be done, to Delhi Transport Corporation and Nagpur city.
And here on, we can start ramping up significantly, as I said earlier, with clarity on supply chain as well as the FAME certification.
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 mobility, as I said, I think the concession agreements have been signed with Delhi Transport Corporation for 1,500 buses.
I think now our e-bus fleet has crossed more than 7 crore or 70 million kilometers.
And we have been able to maintain more than 95% uptime in FY23.
So we have been delivering better than the contractual conditions.
The operational revenue has also been ahead of our own internal budget, doing well at around Rs.
Coming to the digital businesses, so Fleet Edge continues to do very well.
Now with more than 390,000 connected trucks towards the end of FY23, and the monthly active usage is continuously increasing and customers are seeing a lot of value in terms of improvement in vehicle uptime, asset utilization, is also helping them for better tracking and optimizing the usage and driving habits, leading to improvement in the total cost of ownership.
So, I think the clear benefits, which are being seen, as a result of which I think the penetration is continuously increasing.
And we have seen a very good encouraging response to this model.
As I said, the engagement time has been improving consistently with the benefits being experienced by the fleet owners, as well as the drivers.
E-Dukaan, which is our online spare parts marketplace, grew better than what we had targeted, in fact, it grew 2.8 times, although on lower base, but doing pretty well and we also extended E-Dukaan for diesel exhaust fluid as well as lubricants.
So this will help us to grow these two business lines also.
I think digital lead generation has been a focus area for us and this has helped us, not just to generate leads, but also communicate our brand message, product competitiveness and other aspects.
This has led to improved brand health and therefore augurs very well for the future.
We find that to be a far more reliable and closer to the customer metric.
And the powertrain mix is another call out there, where you are seeing penetration of EV’s rising to 9% and CNG sitting at 8% there.
Again on the registration market shares of EV’s is growing to 84%, network now increasing to 165 cities and 250 dealerships, charging infra again increasing to 5,300.Next slide.
And therefore this business is now strongly profitable, in terms of EBITDA.
At the same time EBITDA positive, EBIT positive, PBT positive and cash
300 crores is product development costs that are being charged-off .And therefore this business is almost EBITDA neutral and this needs to be seen in the context of a run-away increases in lithium prices.
The reason I bring it out is that, we believe the EV from a sustainable profitability perspective is in the right track.
These are obvious, only thing, why is the structural fixed cost going up there, substantial increase in FME, as you see the brands building up, there is also element of IPL phasing that will be there, as we go ahead of that.
So all these are good investments that are happening for the long-term viability of the business.
So FY23 for the industry was the highest ever since the last highest ever which was in FY19 which was 3.4 million, this year ended at 3.9 million, which was nearly 27% growth versus FY22.
SUVs continue to increase in terms of share, increased by 300 bps to 43%.
And EV’s - industry saw phenomenal growth of 170% with several new launches and increasing acceptance of EV among customers.
As far as Tata Motors PV and EV business is concerned, this was our highest-ever wholesale year, which was nearly 5.4 lakh volumes, with the Vahan market share of 13.5%.
This is nearly 45% growth as compared to FY22, which was, if you just compare with industry growth, which was 27%.
We have already mentioned that in PV business we grew by 45% as compared to FY’22, but it was a growth of 150% in the EV business for us.
Going forward, what are the bright spots, we clearly see that there are several new launches happening in the SUV space, which will augur well for the growth in this financial year.
CNG demand with the prices coming down is also expected to pick up, and several new launches happening in the EV space and increasing acceptance of EV’s, I think this will also augur well for the EV segment.
For Tata Motors, very happy to see that we transitioned to BS6 Phase II early February itself, and that has really helped us to ensure a very smooth transition.
Several new launches, which are going to drive demand, Nexon EV Max, in hashtag version has been receiving very good response.
And that should also help us improve our sales in the diesel side.
The channel inventory, as compared to where we started the last financial year in FY22, is at a higher level.
And recently price increase has been taken by OEMs to basically offset the cost increases which have happened because of the RDE transition.
From Tata Motors side, the way we are preparing ourselves is to focus on demand generation through micro-market focus and actions to improve the conversion rates.
We are growing our portfolio both on CNG and EV, both are expected to see good growth this year, and therefore we should be the beneficiary of that.
And of course, we’re driving margin improvement through an institutionalized cost-reduction initiative, as well as what we have as internal nomenclature nine-box framework.
6,400 crores of investment spending, and this is likely to increase to Rs.
On a full-year basis, working capital in Q4 normally reverses.
And the capital adequacy remains comfortable even at these levels.
And the business is now pivoting squarely to quality, focusing on
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 delivering double-digit ROE in the medium term, with a focus on improving NIMs, lowering the credit losses, and very tight control on fixed costs.
Just from a credit rating perspective, we had S&P upgrade us by a notch and domestically, ICRA has also revised our outlook to positive and we will be engaging with them after the results, for the others as well.
So overall outlook, how do we see it, I think on the demand side, we remain optimistic, despite some nearterm uncertainties that could be there.
And inflation we expect it to be moderate.
As far as the momentum is concerned, it will build through the year keeping in mind, there is an element of seasonality, and JLR is stabilizing its supply chain from where it has come.
CV - ensure the demand-pull strategy continues, double-digit EBITDA to be delivered and profitable growth in all the business verticals that Girish talked about, that's an important priority for us.
As far as tailwinds are concerned, I think what is really going to support growth are going to be the new launches, refreshes that will been launched by the various OEMs in this financial year.
We are still seeing the demand in terms of bookings for the
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 industry are remaining strong.
So that’s a good news that demand has not dropped.
There are several launches, which are going to happen in this space, and that is going to expand in the market.
There is a growing acceptance of EVs among the consumers, and that is continuing to help.
We are seeing every quarter the industry is growing big in size.
In fact, if you really see the monthly rate of sales of EVs has grown to 8,500 to 9,000 per month for the industry, which is very high, just one week back it would have been 4,000 or so.
So I believe that EV industry will have all these tailwinds apart from the various states which are also coming with very progressive policies.
PLI and all, I think the environment is very favorable for EV’s.
So we're expecting volumes next year to be circa 400,000, so a little bit higher than our Q4 run rate.
On the positive side we're also expecting supplier inflation to start to reduce.
And we will need to start investing in marketing to secure the order intake that we need towards the back end of the year.
Finally, I think the other negative is we do expect, I saw some questions on that later on, we do expect VME to increase, but we expect that to be a creep rather than a leap.
We do expect VME to creep up.
Volume and supplier inflation is a little bit favorable.
What is giving you the confidence that this time around, things will be different, one.
Look for the last 12 months, we've been optimistic about breaking through on supply.
And the truth is for the first six months that we were too optimistic.
So it’s those two things, which really moved us from a loss-making to a quite an aggressive and significant profit-making business.
And we know our MLA production units, as Richard showed in the presentation, they’ve grown to that 2,600 plus a week.
So the two critical things we're waiting for happened in quarter three, continued at pace in quarter four.
But the reality is a healthier order bank is a lower order bank than 200,000 units.
And to Richard's point, if that continues to happen and our supply increases as at that time we expect it to do so, and we will be stimulating further orders.
We understand those things we have for a long time, but we have to deepen the understanding and the characteristics of vehicles because clients will be attracted to individually those brands, not just to Land Rover going forward.
So that's why we've actually elevated those sub-brands above the trust mark to Land Rover, and that's what we're going to keep working through and working on going forward.
So we are going to increase our investment from GBP 2.35 billion this year to GBP 3 billion next year.
So we are a strong cash-generating business, when we're functioning at the type of levels that we're talking about.
I think part of it is our financial performance is improving as we've talked about here today and potentially some benefit in continuing to wait, we can pace we expect that to continue.
As has been explained, we expect significant positive cash flow in the year and that is after significant investment spending.
So look, this year our total engineering went up by GBP 400 million to GBP1.69 billion.
I would expect that to continue to increase a little bit next year.
So in the short-term, it will be partly an increased engineering, in the next 18 months - two years, capital will be the primary part of the increase.
In terms of EV and ICE, we are going to have to continue to invest in ICE to meet the Euro 7 regulations that came through.
In terms of with the domestic PV market competition is obviously picking up, especially with clear head-on competition to Nexon and Punch.
And this expands because it is channelizing flow from existing segments into SUV segments.
And Nexon segment, you have already seen that this segment has seen every year addition of new models and only the segment has expanded.
And we as a company have been seeing increasing volumes of Nexon.
From our perspective we will keep the excitement in these two products high, through several interventions, New Forever interventions we keep on bringing.
We are also planning to bring EVs, so we are very confident that these two products will be able to sustain the volumes.
Of further actions, how we will further grow from where we are, and both in terms of volume and market share, we are going to add new nameplates and we have showcased that in Auto expo, Curvv, Sierra, these are new nameplates, which are going to get launched.
There's going to be a steep increase in the EV volumes.
We are expanding our portfolio in the CNG segment, so I think we have several levers, which are going to increase our volumes, as well as market share.
India PV, the volumes are at 540K and at this level capacity utilization is extremely high, 65% SUV share.
Shailesh Chandra So one thing I would like to say that, last year, if you see the EBIT has increased by 300bps.
So it is an improving trend and significantly improving trend, the whole benefit of operating leverage has been fully realized.
The margins at a contribution level has been increasing.
Of course, alongside we are also seeing a steep growth of EV business.
There the margins I think, Balaji, very well explained that it is underlying margins are strong, but there is a huge product development expense which also gets charged-off.
But there are plans in terms of how we are going to strengthen the margins for EVs.
And also, as you know, the battery prices had gone up significantly by 35%, the cell prices had gone up.
So these are all positive things which are going to favorably influence the contribution for EVs.
Also there is a deep localization that we are doing, which is going to further bring down the cost.
So there are a lot of actions on the EV side, which is going to improve the margin, including, the new models, which we are going to launch, is going to be in the SUV, higher SUV segments, which will be better in margin.
And on top of that, of course, we are going to have the PLI benefit and all.
On the PV side, I think again, a richer mix is what we are expecting in the coming years, which is going to strongly support.
So all these actions, I'm sure that we are going to continue to improve on the margins.
So I think while the industry has grown pretty well in FY23 over the previous year, I think we have to keep in mind that the industry volumes are still below the previous peak of FY19, that's point number one.
Point number 2 is, I think generally in the pre-election year, that is the general election, year before general elections, market has always grown, especially because of the government spending.
And I think this year in the budget, we are looking at almost record spending on infrastructure by the government.
I think these are good tailwinds for the industry.
And as a result, I think the industry should grow further during this year, although it may be in single-digits and growth may vary across the year, as well as across various segments.
So, one would see highest growth happening probably in buses, because
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 the buses still are at a lower level followed by a good growth in the medium and heavy commercials.
In terms of timing, it appears that the first quarter may degrow a bit Y-o-Y, because of some pre- buy effect and also the transition into the BS6 Phase II and the price increase, which has happened.
But after that, one would see growth in Q2, Q3, as well as Q4.
So I think that's how we see how the markets will grow.
Overall, it appears that we will see a single-digit growth at the industry volume level.
Shailesh Chandra So on the PV side, I would say that, we are very clear that the secular trend of growth of the industry is going to remain intact, because of the underlying drivers that drive penetration levels.
And also given that now the market is having a lot of upgrade customers.
So people are wanting to upgrade the vehicles and that is the phenomenon that we have been seeing when it comes to SUV growth.
And therefore going forward, while there was a very steep growth of 27% in the last financial year, also, thanks to the pent-up demand and low inventory levels that we had at the start of FY23, I think that helped in driving this kind of growth, which was 27%.
Otherwise, which could have been much lower, I would say.
So, therefore, this year would be, growth would be slightly moderate in the zone of 5% to 7%.
But I'm sure that beyond this financial year, the growth will come back to double-digit number, is what I'd say.
And MHI has been very receptive of the inputs from our side.
From there on, we'll probably secure the PLI eligibility for all our models.
Most, all the models that we are selling today as per our estimates, cross DVA requirement and going forward, we are very confident of availing the PLI benefit.
Two questions from Kapil saying, I think, Girish, coming your way, April volumes much weaker than industry for Tata Motors, what's happening and when we expect growth to return?
Every product in the portfolio, one has seen significant improvement in terms of power to weight ratio, total cost of ownership, comfort and convenience, safety and as a result, there were some supply chain issues also in month of April, which will get addressed from this month of May.
Finally, as I already answered, I think Q1, we see that there would be a de-growth in retail registration volumes because of the pre-buy effect, but the growth will come back from Q2.
As far as trucking sentiment Index is concerned, for the tippers, it has gone up, which was expected.
And that was also expected after a strong Q4.
But as I said, I think, equation between headwinds and tailwinds, I think the tailwinds should prevail after some time and therefore, one would still see growth happening from Q2.
In terms of dealer inventories, I mean, very happy that the inventories continue to be healthy, especially after very good retail that happened in Q4.
And we will continue at this level and because we are matching retail, off take, production in that sequence, I think this will remain at good level.
So, even if the FAME subsidies are not there, finally, it will lead to some increase in the Opex that is the charge per kilometer and that will be part of the bids that all the OEMs will give.
As far as private customers retail models are concerned, and the retail customers are concerned, there is an increasing interest, and because many of the corporates would also like to start moving towards their net-zero goal for greenhouse gas emissions, and therefore, they would like to move or move towards electric buses for their employee transportation, so this should also continue.
India will also be positive in free cash flows and it will be integral to one more contributor to the net debt reduction that we have in mind, despite the Rs.
But we have really cleared the positioning of this brand going forward.
Volumes, Q1 as base volume and it keep rising, will it lead to some adverse mix?
Whereas some of the inflationary impact on our suppliers, particularly in terms of their labor costs are going to be embedded and will probably continue to grow.
Girish Wagh So, I think, the quantification of discount pullback, Balaji has already shown in his presentation, there was a clear reconciliation in the slide.
So what we have been focusing on two, three things, one is continuously increasing the customer value.
A lot of work has been done and we have been consistently increasing that customer value, basis which we are able to increase the market operating prices.
So I think our focus has been to continuously improve that.
And I can say that, when we transitioned to BS6 Phase II, we have been able to do a step change because that opportunity was available during product development.
