BSE Limited First Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda Building, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Listing Compliance Department Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), Mumbai 400 051 May 19, 2023 Sc - 17497 Dear Sir/Madam, Ref: ISIN: INE155A01022 – Ordinary Shares IN9155A01020 – ‘A’ Ordinary Shares Debt Securities on NSE & BSE Sub: Transcript of Q4 FY2023 and FY 2023 Earnings Discussion/Conference call With further reference to our letter sc no.
17357 dated April 29, 2023, intimating that post announcement of Financial Results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2023, the Company will host an Earnings Discussion on Friday, May 12, 2023.
The transcript of the earnings/conference call is available on the website of the Company at www.tatamotors.com This is for your information and records.
Yours faithfully, Tata Motors Limited MALOY KUMAR GUPTA Digitally signed by MALOY KUMAR GUPTA Date: 2023.05.19 15:00:55 +05'30' Maloy Kumar Gupta Company Secretary Encl: a/a
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 MANAGEMENT: MR. PB BALAJI – GROUP CFO, TATA MOTORS LIMITED MR. ADRIAN MARDELL – INTERIM CEO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER MR. GIRISH WAGH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, TATA MOTORS LIMITED MR. SHAILESH CHANDRA – MD TMPVL AND TPEML MR. RICHARD MOLYNEUX – ACTING CFO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER Sneha Gavankar: Good day and welcome to Tata Motors Q4 and full year FY23 results call.
I am joined today by Mr. P B Balaji, Group CFO, Tata Motors; Mr. Girish Wagh, Executive Director, Tata Motors; Mr. Shailesh Chandra, MD, Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited; Mr. Adrian Mardell, Interim CEO, Jaguar Land Rover; Mr. Richard Molyneux, Acting CFO, Jaguar Land Rover, and my colleagues from the Investor Relations team.
Today we plan to walk you through the results presentation followed by Q&A.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen only mode and we will be taking questions via the teams platform, which is already open for you to submit your questions.
You are requested to mention your name and the name of your organization while submitting the questions.
Now I will request Balaji to kindly take us through the presentation.
PB Balaji: Thank you.
Firstly, welcome all of you for the Q4 FY23 analyst call, and our intention is to quickly run you through the numbers and any color that we may want to give, and then spend as much time as possible on the Q&A as normal.
A standard Safe harbor statement, nothing delta to report this time.
Go to the next slide please.
A pretty action-packed quarter both here as well as in JLR.
And we were there at Auto Expo, which we gave a bit of color on last results call.
And on top of that we also had the launch of the Tiago EV and Shailesh, I'm sure he is going to talk about that.
We finished the first 10,000 sales of Tiago EV already.
And we also completed the purchase of Ford Sanand facility, that has been done.
And the final tranche of Rs.
3,750 crores has also been received from the TPG Rise.
That's in India, into JLR, again an equally action packed quarter, where starting point is announcement of the blockbuster, the Range Rover BEV, launching next year for which booking start from October this year.
And also we started talking about the Jaguar BEV launches as well, which I am sure Adrian and Richard
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 will talk about.
At the same time a very fundamental call on the House of Brands, where we will amplify the individual brands that's Range Rover, Defender, Discovery, and Jaguar in a big way, while continuing to be almost equivalent of an Intel inside as far as the Land Rover is concerned, and its features, I'm sure there will be a lot of questions on that, which we can pick up both today as well as in the Investor Day coming up.
Next slide.
And the reason I say, use that word is that, nice to see all the auto verticals coming together once again and this time with a lot of intensity as well.
1 lakh crores with an EBITDA of 13.3%, and the profit before tax and exceptional item of Rs.
5,000 crores.
Next slide please.
43,700 crores and TML India at Rs.
6,200 crores, JLR GBP 3 billion i.e.
Rs.
30,000 crores we talk about.
So the FY24 net debt reduction plan, we are confirming, we will not be in a position to meet the FY24 numbers, but very clearly - FY25 we want this issue sorted out.
Next slide.
A series of headlines, normally we don't do that, but it's fair to just pull back and reflect on what this quarter and the year actually means for the Group.
That's all the quarter numbers.
This is basically giving us the impetus to how we want to play at FY24.
Next slide.
2 per share for the ordinary shareholders and Rs.
2.1 for the DVR shareholders, coming in after sometime.
And this will obviously have to be a - the Board has recommended this and this will have to be approved in the ensuing shareholders meeting.
And this will result in a cash flow of Rs.
771 crores as part of the plan i.e.
this is factored into the debt reduction plan in any case.
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 shareholders and I always maintained a turnaround is not complete unless we pay dividends and nice to see this number coming through as well.
Next slide.
With this, I think let me hand it over to Richard who will walk you through the numbers and between him and Adrian, they will cover the JLR section.
Richard, over to you.
Richard Molyneux: Great.
So if we go to the next chart left hand side of this is last year by quarter.
EBITDA of 14.6%, 6.5% EBIT, strong PBT and GBP850 million worth of cash in the quarter.
Revenue was GBP23 billion, we produced 2.4% EBIT of the year, PBT was negative 64, but if you look through that, just like the old added game of two halves, our PBT in the first half of the year was minus GBP 697 million, in the second half of the year it was positive GBP 633 million.
And we ended the year with GBP 3.8 billion worth of cash, GBP 5.3 billion worth of liquidity, and GBP 3 billion worth of net debt.
We also have an order bank, which currently stands at 200,000 units to assist us as we go to the start of this year.
Okay, next chart.
I won't read through this, this is a written version of most of the comments that I've made, feel free to read it at your leisure afterwards, so if we go again.
So, this is our wholesale performance.
The balance of our wholesales remains reasonably consistent, circa 50% of them are Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, Evoque, etc.
Defender is another 25%, so 75%-76% between those two brands.
Full-year basis the analysis is the same,50% Range Rover, 25% Defender.
You’ll note we're still selling 43,000 Jaguars, we are still making sure that those cars stay current.
We’ve invested in technology on the F-PACE.
We’ve invested in special additions to mark the 75th an’iversary of Jaguar as a sports car manufacturer.
So we still are investing in those brands as well.
Full-year, 321,000 wholesales.
Next chart.
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 that's just our allocation timing.
So that isn't a fundamental change in the demand signal from North America, it's just our timing of allocations.
Full year, very similar picture, I won't go through that.
Next chart.
Okay, so in terms of the financial walk, this takes PBT from the same quarter last year, where it was GBP9 million to this quarter GBP 368 million.
The biggest variable is volume and mix.
And you can see there, probably worth mentioning that mix is a higher effect than volume.
And this comes back to some of the issues around quality of sales, that we've been pushing during the past few months and we'll continue to push.
So, that mix is driven by Range Rover and Range Rover Sport, but it is also driven by trim mix within our ranges and making sure that we are continuing to allocate those chips and components that we have to the vehicles which are most favourable for them.
If you look at pricing and material cost together, this is the picture that I expected to happen and I told you would happen when we sat down last quarter.
That wasn’t the case last quarter.
So we've flipped that through the quarter and we intend for that to continue.
And also partly the investments in our transformation, particularly in terms of our digital transformation as a company.
Next chart.
So that is partly natural and partly from some deliberate efforts on our side, generated theGBP815 million worth of free cash flow that we reported.
And next chart.
That's a natural part of our product cycle.
And you know that we have a large series of launches coming between the end of next year and 2026.
Those are at the high point of the engineering at the moment.
What you also see is that as those programs go through their various gateways and start to move to production.
We are expecting it to be around GBP3 billion a year for the next five years, as we continue to invest in both our electrified vehicles, electrified powertrains themselves and the electrical systems that support them.
Okay.
Next chart.
Right Now move on to a business update.
If we move forward, but this chart which shows our average revenue per unit is really important and part of the demonstration of our journey towards modern luxury.
Including, for example, SV, so the Range Rover SV which was only launched October 21, already got 6,100 orders at an average transaction price of GBP180,000.
We've even been testing the water north of that, we did a special edition Landsdown edition of the Range Rover SV, which transacted at around GBP250,000.
So there is room for us to operate in this space, if we continue with diligence, our modern luxury journey.
Next page.
In terms of semiconductors, I think people have people have mentioned this a lot.
My summary I think is probably three things.
We are seeing fewer issues now, they’ve not completely disappeared, but we are seeing fewer of them.
Next chart.
Next chart.
Inflation is still an issue for us.
So we knew these were coming
A lot of that was very detailed work in terms of making sure that we allocated those chips that we had to the vehicles that we wanted to sell.
But there was also considerable work done on the cost side, on the investment side, and on the inventory side.
Next chart.
So look, we know that market is really fast moving, really dynamic in the sections that we're operating in, we are maintaining our share.
Next chart.
Right, the fun pictures.
We're continuing to develop our product range.
If you look at the '24 model, year Velar on the right-hand side, that is –that’s as close to a flawless execution of our modernist design language that you're going to get.
It's just beautiful.
We have made some tweaks to the exterior.
And on the interior look, there are also some upgrades.
And, on the right is the Range Rover Sport SV, you will want one, they are going to be phenomenal.
We haven't even announced or started taking orders for this one yet.
Next chart.
We'll continue to focus on brand activation, there is a lead-time with that, we have to start doing some of that now, to activate orders towards the back end of the year.
We're going to execute our plans.
That's it from my side.
I'm sure we'll take some questions afterwards, but thanks very much for the meantime.
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 PB Balaji Thank you.
Thanks, Richard.
So quickly moving on to commercial vehicles, next slide please.
Very much part of the plan that Girish and team are working towards.
Next slide.
Next slide.
Further distance to go, but very much on track.
Next slide.
And we intend to keep it this way as we go forward.
So let me give it to Girish to give an overall update on the business.
Girish?
Girish Wagh Yeah.
Thanks, Balaji.
During the year we launched more than 40 new products and 150 variants, in addition to what we had unveiled in the Auto Expo.
So, I think we have CNG presence across the portfolio now.
Going ahead for this quarter as well as FY’24, I think we will continue our focus on the retail now.
And registration shares is what will drive us, and we will continue the realization improvement journey.
And there will be a lot of efforts to communicate this not just to the customers, but also other stakeholders who play a very important role in decision-making.
And therefore there will be a lot of influencer advocacy as well as actual in-field trials.
And we will also see some of the new markets which we can enter during the year.
Next slide.
In addition to that, we have already started delivery of the CESL first tender with the Delhi Transport Corporation buses.
And in addition to that, also a few retail customers or orders that we have received.
We have delivered more than 300 ACE electric vehicles in fourth quarter.
I think in Auto Expo, we made a clear statement on our future roadmap, in terms of net-zero greenhouse gas emissions and the de carbonization plan with the display of 14 product concepts.
On the smart city
The supply has already been initiated, which will be followed by Bangalore, for more than 900 buses, and then Jammu and Kashmir for 200 buses.
500 crores.
And in fact, I’m happy to share that from April 1, we have also introduced the subscription model for the Fleet Edge.
So that’s what we’ve been doing in the commercial vehicle business.
Balaji, back to you for PV.
PB Balaji Yeah.
Thanks, Girish.
Moving on to the PV numbers, PV,EV - next slide please.
Call out here in PV as well, we are now going to report only Vahan registration market shares.
Next slide.
Overall financials, we ended the quarter at 7.3% EBITDA with a PBT of Rs.
200crores.
On a full-year basis the business was 6.4% EBITDA, at a PBT of Rs.
700 crores.
We still got a distance to go cover the 10% EBITDA, but happy to see from where we’ve come to the 6.4%.
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 positive.
One additional data point which we’ve pulled in this time is the EV financials, where there is been a lot of queries that you've been asking.
I also see a question, say if I need to add EV plus PV, it doesn’t add up to this one, there are some intercompany that need to be canceled of as well, as part of consolidation.
350 odd crores.
Out of the Rs.
Out of Rs.
350 crores, Rs.
This does not include any PLI credits or anything that is being accrued.
So this is underlying profitability I’m referring to.
A $1 billion business – roughly a $1 billion business with broadly neutral EBITDA that is where we are, on an underlying basis.
Next slide.
Employee cost is basically investments that are happening in the EV business and D&A expenses again, as the product investments pickup up there.
Next slide.
Let me give it to Shailesh.
Shailesh Chandra Thank you, Balaji.
So let me start with the key highlights of the industry first.
Our EV sales crossed a major milestone of 50,000, this includes about 2,200 volumes that we did in international business.
Vahan market share was around 84%, despite increasing competition.
We were the number one SUV manufacturer in FY23 and Nexon was the number one product in the SUV segment.
We recently launched it.
This month, we are also launching the twin cylinder technology in Altroz, which is Altroz iCNG, which retains the entire boot
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 space in the CNG, which is first of its kind, very innovative concept.
And of course, this year we’ll see some of our products going through the mid-cycle enhancement.
We have few players in certain segments – we are only one player in at least one segment where we are still in diesel segment.
So this might –we have to watch the impact of this.
So both on margin as well as demand generation, we have clear action plans laid out.
Back to you Balaji.
PB Balaji Thank you, Shailesh.
Next slide, please.
Okay, perfect.
So moving on to the overall CV+PV.
Investments, we ended the year with Rs.
8,000 crores next year, as we step-up the whole electrification investments both in CV and PV.
That’s the main trust of those delta that is coming through.
Next slide.
On the cash flows, overall the operating – the cash profit after tax and capex.
I see in the questions, some of the doubts lingering in terms of – as how do we treat Capex?
Let me be clear, for us what we call out as free cash flows, is operating cash, less Capex, less working capital changes and any finance expenses that we incur, so it’s the entirety of it.
So this is the free cash flow after all these investments.
This year we ended at Rs.
3, 800 crores of free cash flows for this quarter (Q4 FY23).
And then the full year we ended at Rs.
2, 400 crores of free cash flows after all these investments.
And hearteningly, all the Capex is funded by the cash profit after tax, so it’s extremely self-sustaining business that we have.
Full-year basis no impact at all as working capital, so what we are seeing is Rs.
2,400 crores is completely cash profit after tax, less Capex, less finance expenses.
Next slide.
Tata Motors Finance, we did signal that this business, the entire restructured portfolio we want to have a very, very close watch on it.
And two things have happened this quarter.
One is, we have taken a hard look at the restructured book and taken adequate provisions to ensure that this book now completely is taken care of.
So business is being run for ROA and/or ROE as well, as the case maybe.
Next slide.
Next slide.
We do invite your for the Investor Day, both in Tata Motors and in JLR.
In India it is on June 7th in Mumbai and in JLR its on June 12th at Gaydon, the new headquarters of JLR.
Next slide.
As far as FY24 is concerned, as I said earlier’ it's a year of where we have to deliver.
We are squarely focused on putting our heads down and executing this plan and ensuring we make it count for the full year.
So we want to stabilize it.
And of course there is a post-RDE impact in India, that’s the only reason we are calling this out as the momentum building through the year, so we don’t get carried away.
At the same time, the plans of JLR continuing to, which Richard just talked about.
And PV, EV the plan is to continue to remain aggressive.
With this let me end the talk from our side and move it on to Q&A.
And we already have a fair number of questions that have come through.
Let me pick them up one by one, in the order in which they actually appeared.
Questions and Answers session PB Balaji So first it's coming from Binay.
Talking about EV financials, and I think I covered, Binay, the PV plus ICE revenues why they are more than PV business.
TMETC, Trilix we don't want to comment on the smaller subsidiaries that are there - they are design centers, they don't materially move the needle, they should be treated as part of the design cost that we incur.
And, PLI not considered, government grants nothing as far as EV business is concerned, nothing has been considered that are there.
And headwinds, tailwinds, let me give it on to Shailesh to talk about, because that’s also coming through in one other question as well.
Shailesh Chandra Sure.
So as far as, let me talk first about the ICE segment.
We’ll have some impact or definitely again on the entry segment.
As far as EVs are concerned there is hardly any headwinds that I see, I only see the tailwinds.
PB Balaji Thank you, Shailesh.
Richard, first question coming to you and then Adrian something coming your way as well.
Can you give us push-pull factors for margins next year, this is coming from Kapil.
You are currently at 6.5%, guidance is 6% plus.
How does this workout?
Some color would be helpful.
Richard Molineux Yes, of course.
Some of it will become embedded in terms of their labor rates, some of it in terms of commodity rates and utility rates, starting to show signs of coming-off the peaks.
So we are not going to get into mass discounting of cars for our cars, , we're a modern luxury player.
PB Balaji Thanks, Richard.
Adrian, there is a series of questions coming from Chandramouli of Goldman.
We have guided to a 6% EBIT margin and GBP 2 billion cash flow this year.
Last year we started in a similar way at 5% EBIT and GBP1 billion FCF.
Second point.
Third, a very interesting question on, what's behind the thinking of the JLR rebranding?
Is it just corporate action or there is something happening on the ground, which will -- which has triggered this stuff?
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 Adrian Mardell Yes.
Thanks, Balaji I'll take them in the order that they’ve been asked.
Our breakeven has been in place, it's been in place for more than 12 months, at the 300,000 units.
And simply put, we had to build more than 25,000 cars per month, of course.
And we really didn't get to that point to Q3 and you can see as soon as we have got to that point, which was a mixture of overall supply with semiconductors and the MLA products, don't forget they're super crucial to our business model.
They starting to come through in proportions we need from about November last year.
Breakeven still the same, we know the suppliers hire with new semiconductors -supply we secured from January.
And we believe will continue now into FY'24, we can see it in the data we've seen in the first six weeks.
So not only have we broken through but we can see the continuation of that, into the first half of this year and beyond.
I think that's the first point we have to make here, right.
We don't have an expectation and aspiration for200,000 units of orders, it’s two reasons.
But if you look at any of our websites, particularly on the most sought-after vehicle the Range Rover, a lot of those order times are now 12 to 18 months.
We are not stimulating orders beyond 12 to 18 months at this point.
To the proportional share point, which is in the question, 200,000 orders at the end of March, 76% of them were Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, and Defender.
So it's still very skewed towards our three most modern, most luxurious nameplates today.
And in terms of the brand question, the point there number three, now I'll reiterate what I actually said and was quoted within the media.
Land Rover is the trust mark for three brands.
And when you think about it the characteristics of those individual brands, Range Rover, Defender, and Discovery, are different.
And if we truly -- they're underpinned by the trust mark.
So the off -road capability, the versatility of the vehicle, the safety within the vehicle, the technologies are in all of the brands.
But if we're really going to grow our business in modern luxury, we absolutely have to focus on the distinct characterizations within those brands.
Look we know Range Rover is about luxury, quietness, serenity.
We know Defender is about utility, go anywhere.
We know Discovery is about family size and the utility of being able to, in the broadest sense use this as a family traveller vehicle.
That's already clear in most of our biggest markets China, USA, Middle East.
Back to you, Balaji.
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 PB Balaji Thank you.
Thanks, Adrian.
This is coming from Jemma, J.P. Morgan.
I think this question is picked up by someone else as well, saying that, can we give color on the free cash flow guidance and the net debt reduction for next year?
How much of it is due to working capital and how much of it is due to underlying cash flows?
One kind of a question.
Richard, can you reconcile the two for us?
Richard Molyneux Yeah.
Sure.
In terms of the proportion of that cash generation, that is operational and working capital, what I'd say, certainly for the first half of the year, the majority of it will be operational.
Working capital a little bit more in the second half of the year.
But if you, you only need to look at our cash flow generation in the last six months, GBP1.3 billion, after about GBP1.3 billion worth of investment in the last six months.
Adrian has mentioned several times our breakeven volume is around 300,000 units.
I've mentioned that next year we should be operating at 400,000 units, that's where we get our EBIT and cash returns from.
PB Balaji Thank you.
Thanks, Richard.
One question, if Ben is there, do you intend to come to the bond market and will you do some sort of senior secured debt?
The second, the latter part I can answer, clear answer no.
First part, Ben, over to you.
Ben Sure.
So I think that at some point we will come back to the bond market, we've been a regular issuer.
But I think we'll just keep monitoring the market for the right time.
But on the other hand, there are plenty of uncertainties in terms of needing to go to the market.
I don't think there is any need.
So, we don’t need to fund investment spending.
I think it would be more a matter of managing our liabilities.
PB Balaji Thank you.
Thanks, Ben.
Question to Richard, and then another one - same thing to Shailesh and this is from Rakesh, BNP Paribas.
JLRs investment of GBP15 billion, can you give us a rough idea of how much of that is going into R&D EV product development, how much going into ICE?
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 Richard Molyneux Yes.
However, the majority of the increase over the next couple of years is going to be in capital, as we industrialize all of our 2024, '25, '26 car lines into Solihull which is where we will be producing Jaguar and where we are producing the Range Rover BEV, adding to Halewood which is where we will be producing EMA.
However, obviously, the vast balance of our efforts is in the EV space as the majority of the launches that we have post now are EVs.
PB Balaji Thank you.
Question to Shailesh.
Any ideas of how you are preparing to defend your volume and market share?
Shailesh Chandra Yes.
So see, we have seen in the past also and last year also we have seen that in SUV segments whenever there is a new model which gets launched typically the segment expands.
This has been at the cost of hatches going down or sedans going down.
So, I think that phenomenon is going to continue despite.
Similar thing in Punch, so this is one - volumes will get channelized from other existing segments to this, so the segment is going to expand.
Recently we got the #Dark, Punch we came with CAMO, but also at the same time, let's take for example, punch, we are going to bring CNG variant here with the twin cylinder technology and this is going to be unique in the market.
PB Balaji Thanks, Shailesh.
Next is from Gunjan.
I think the JLR side of the questions have all been answered.
So let me move to the PV side, I think that's also coming from Ashish later on as well.
From here on what is there
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 for the margin improvement drivers?
So it will have an impact.
There was huge semiconductor open market purchase, which was being done.
All these are factors which we reclaim back.
I'm not talking even about PLI and all, because -- and we have a clear pathway to bring this to say, at a contribution level into a double-digit margin closer to where we are in PV.
There is an institutionalized cost reduction plan with a very aggressive plan that we are taking a benchmark and tearing down at a component level.
PB Balaji Thanks.
I think there's another question, which Ashish had asked under those guidance for a 10% margin in PV.
Just to correct, that is the EBITDA margin we are referring to.
That is what we want to reach.
And Shailesh has already explained his drivers for the same.
Question to both Shailesh and Girish, industry growth both in India -- by India for CV and PV, given the demanding base is there, how do you want to?
Do you want to start with CV?
Girsh Wagh Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks.
PB Balaji Thank you, Shailesh.
Question from Kapil on EV margins is already covered.
I think there is a question of PLI that is there in various places, where do we stand on PLI?
Shailesh, could you pick that?
Shailesh Chandra Yes.
So, as far as PLI is concerned, there have been a lot of engagement with the Ministry of heavy industries on this topic and discussions have revolved around the domestic value additions.
There have been several inputs that have been given.
And of course, the requirement from the MHI to establish the extent of DVA that any OEM has attained was a bit stringent which has been brought to a level which is now practical.
And we are going to be working on that.
And hopefully, the first model is what we are going to submit with the DVA status very soon.
PB Balaji Thanks, Shailesh.
And trucking conditions, how is that trending and how are dealer inventories?
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 Girish Wagh Right.
So, Kapil, first of all on the volumes, I think first point is, because it is aligned to the retail.
So as we said that we will align our production and offtake to retail, I think that is the first thing.
Second, of course, as I mentioned earlier, when we have transitioned to BS6 Phase II, I think there is a significant change, which has been done in the entire product portfolio.
Balaji, I will take the next question also.
PB Balaji Yeah, let me quickly cover that for people who are not seeing the question that you’re taking.
This is on the entire EV buses, GCC model.
Are EV buses viable without FAME subsidy, just a basic question.
And will you participate in future MSRTC orders, given that you are not participated in the recent CESL tender?
Girish Wagh Okay.
So, let me take the first one.
See, as far as the electric buses, bulk of those are being consumed today by the government and most of those are now also being consumed in the own operate maintain model, which is an Opex model and not a Capex model, right?
And that will then get translated into the ticketing or the ticket rates, which will be there.
And lastly, I think the 5,000 MSRTC order or any other order, I think let me once again clarify it.
We did stay away from the second tender of CESL because we had requested for a payment security mechanism to the government and the government agencies, which didn’t get implemented in tender two and therefore we stayed away.
A third tender was also released by CESL, in which there was only one player who bid, other - all other players didn’t bid, because this payment security mechanism wasn't there.
And
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 therefore that tender will be re-bid.
And we will continue to engage with the government to craft the payment security mechanism, which will make the whole model bankable.
Once that is done, I think we will be very much into this game.
Balaji?
PB Balaji Thank you.
Thank, Girish.
Jinesh you've asked a series of questions, a lot of details.
My suggestion, we will take it offline with you, so these numbers we can supply to you offline.
So kindly pardon me, it's going to take a long time to go through all your questions here.
Moving onto Joseph, IIFL.
This is an order flow conversation, which I think has already been covered and therefore similarly the working capital piece has also been covered.
It's fair to say some cost is coming in without the revenue, but it's part of the long-term capacity planning.
Therefore it is part of the overall mix that we play with.
So, our guidance for getting to that double-digit EBITDA includes these stuff, but that's how volume is going to come.
So I'm not concerned about that.
Coming on to Ashish, I think this is on battery, with this new area let's talk about that.
There are comments in the media on the battery plants in India and EU, and you can give some color on this?
All we can say at this point in time is conversations are underway, with both in India as well as in Europe.
And we intend to come to a conclusion sooner rather than later.
And when we do that, we will take you through it in greater detail, so you can understand everything related to that.
Volume guidance, we don't give, I think everything we have to say, we already said so further guidance is we don't intend to give.
Initial talking about India FCF generation.
Fair point, we have talked about JLR.
8,000 crore spend that we have on the Capex.
Second, this is for Adrian coming your way from Stephanie, under house of brands, Jaguar intents to launch of premium GT, given the recent price cuts that have come from competition, are you concerned about it?
Adrian Mardell There is work to do for sure.
PB Balaji Thank you.
The second one related different question is does JLR intend to reinstate the dividend if cash flow exceed the expectations in FY24?
The dividend policy has been approved by the Board for JLR and the Board at an appropriate time will take a look at it and it will be as per the dividend policy.
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 Next question from Chirag.
And commodity benefits, are they likely to flow in?
Richard, you want to take that?
Then I'll come to CV here?
Richard Molyneux Yeah.
Sure.
So on the 94,000 that we sold in Q4, I think I said, we expect the first half of the year to be sort of around that type of level.
No, it won’t.
We mentioned we have an order bank of 200,000, 76% of those are Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, and Defender and those are the orders that will be fulfilling during that period, largely.
Commodity rates being part of that, utilities as well.
PB Balaji Thanks, Richard.
A question Girish your way and also there is a question below that has the same thing, discount pull back in Q4.
Was it driven by pre-buy or is it a new normal?
And can you give a rough sense of how much discount have you pulled-off?
Now coming to this discount pullback, I would rather like to say that it is about customer value perception.
And second is taking a lot of efforts in communicating that value and ensuring that the customer experiences that values, so it would be a mix of communication whether it is ETL, influencer advocacy or in market trials.
So it is, I would say a function of customer perceived value and that to how does the customer compare it with the competitive offers that he or she has.
Balaji?
PB Balaji Thank you.
Thanks, Girish.
There is a question on PV outlook, seems to have changed significantly in the quarter, I think Shailesh has already covered as to how we see the industry scenario going forward, so we stick to that.
Clarification on whether Tata Motors will incur battery Capex?
Tata Motors Limited May 12, 2023 No, that will be done by Tata Sons Company.
The company has already been set up under the name of Agratas Energy Storage Solutions Private Limited.
So that has already been created.
So it will come through that company.
So I think with this we have come to the end of the session.
I really like to thank you for taking the time and the probing questions that you have been asking us.
Do feel free to reach out to our team in case you need further clarifications and specific details that you require.
Thank you, and look forward to speaking to you in the next quarter.
Bye-bye.
Thank you.
