7,800 crores, despite a very weak start in Q1 and Q2, which you see in the numbers.
If you look through all of the financial metrics on this chart, through revenue, EBIT down to free cash flow.
So although it looks like a reduction there, when you look at retails in North America quarter-on-quarter, it was 23,600 in Q3 22,300 in Q4, so hardly changed.
And our customer order bank in North America is flat quarter-on-quarter.
Operational FX did exactly what you would expect it to do, on a quarterby-quarter basis, Sterling has weakened, that helps us from a transactional basis but does give us a hit in terms of realized FX and unrealized commodities.
So that's what’s driving that expense up a bit.
We do have considerable headwinds, we’ve shown them here at GBP850 million for the year, of which about 40% are commodity prices and about a third were semiconductors, the rest is energy and labour cost both with us and with our supply base.
If you look at the financials on the right-hand side, it looks a little bit as if imports average revenue per unit isn't increasing as much as the global, that's a little bit of a misconception there is some profit from our P&A operation, our or after-sales operation.
And this uncertainty had led to drop in CNG volumes significantly.
On the revenues – this business is now making an EBITDA loss of about Rs.
350 odd crore, that’s the 4.6% negative that you see there.
Talking about some of the challenges or headwinds, mainly the entry side of the PV industry which is hatches and sedan, is – has been under pressure for some time.
Pent-up demand clearly has gone down, barring certain new launches in a few popular SUVs.
And we started off the concerted collection efforts and that has ensured that the GNPA is now starting to sharply trend down.
We did 2.6% in this quarter and the absolute numbers of GNPA are also starting to come down sharply, and we will intend to maintain that.
Of course, there are certain segments, especially in the entry segment, which I mentioned, is under pressure and bit of interest rates even now also impacting the vehicle financing interest rates and all.
On the other side, we, at the moment we have foreign exchange rates that are slightly less favorable than we had during the course of Q4.
So I'd say, FX, marketing and VME a little bit adverse.
Second, order bank - also saw another question somewhere else, order bank at 200K, and if you net out sales and arrive at - the number seems to be much lower in terms of new orders coming in, need some color there.
From an order bank perspective, the 200,000 units, look it's still too high.
It's a symptom of supply being too low and production being too low, and it's a symptom of the appeal for our vehicles that people have been prepared to wait for as long as they actually have.
So my anticipation is, it will continue to fall by about 5,000 units per month over the first half of this year.
Second kind of a question within that, you are increasing Capex to GBP 3 billion but still guiding for debt going down to GBP1 billion.
Even considering that increase of GBP 650 million of investment, we are anticipating and expect to generate beyond that GBP 2 billion worth of cash to take our net debt position, down from GBP3 billion to GBP 1 billion.
And why do we, and why are the margins still not as strong as others who are there in the market and your plans for the same?
Battery prices are going down, semiconductor open market buys have come down.
It appears that the ILCVs may remain flat compared with the last year and the small commercial vehicles may grow a bit.
I think the retail volumes in April have dropped after the pre-buy effect in the month of March.
I think for other segment, which is trucks, ILCVs, small commercial vehicles, they have dipped marginally.
So I don't think this should have an impact especially on the gross cost contract model.
The additional new questions coming up is activation of Sanand plant, will it bring in negative operating leverage, and how do you intend to deal with it?
We announced that the pricing of this will be more than 100,000 units, position as a very low breakeven point, so work to do not concerned at this point now.
Will it lead to some adverse mix?
In terms of commodity benefits, yes, we do expect, as I mentioned beforehand, some of the inflationary pressures at the suppliers start to come down.
So there are some upsides and some downsides in terms of our supply cost, but we expect the rate that I showed you in terms of outbound inflation exceeding inbound inflation to continue.
