We are happy to announce that our business delivered a strong performance across parameters.
The consolidated revenue stood at INR1,476 crores, gross margin at 57%, EBITDA stood at INR591 crores, reflecting year-on-year growth of 19%.
Net profit at INR629 crores, reflecting year-on-year growth of 29%.
Record surplus cash generation from operations at INR1,147 crores.
New sales bookings for the quarter stood at INR2,228 crores, in line with our guidance.
Our new products and existing inventory continue to even strong consumer interest.
Our super luxury offerings, the Camellias and DLF 5 Gurgaon saw healthy demand during the quarter and continues to set new benchmarks, indicating strong demand for high-quality residential products backed by a strong brand.
We continue to see sustained demand momentum across all segments and hence, keep a positive outlook on the housing cycle.
Our new product launches that have been planned for the second half of the fiscal remains on track, and we remain committed to bringing calibrated supply across our key markets and leverage this growth cycle.
Collections continue to remain healthy, resulting in record cash flow generation during the quarter.
Consequently, post dividend payout of INR990 crores, we achieved a net cash position of INR142 crores at the end of the second quarter.
We have, therefore, delivered on our commitment to achieving a net debt zero position.
We'll continue to further strengthen our balance sheet through consistent cash generation.
Rental income grew to INR1,069 crores, year-on-year growth 9%.
Consolidated revenue of INR1,463 crores, reflecting a 7% year-on-year growth.
EBITDA stood at INR1,109 crores, a year-on-year growth of 6%.
And a net profit INR416 crores, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 17%.
Our office occupancy improved to 91% at the end of the quarter versus 88% in the previous quarter.
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 has reached back to 97%, demonstrating the high-quality and inherent demand for such products, while SEZ occupancy stood at 85%.
Our new office developments continue to garner occupier interest, and consequently have achieved a pre-leasing of 89% across our 2 new office complexes, DLF Downtown in Gurugram and Chennai.
Retail business continues its growth trajectory and our progress towards expanding our retail offering stays on track.
I'm happy to share that U.S. Green Building Council recognized the sustainability achievements and commitments of our rental business at the Greenbuilding International Conference and Expo held in Washington, D.C., U.S.A. and recognize the business as a whole -- as a world leader in LEED Zero Certification and LEED for existing building platinum-certified space.
This recognition is a testament to DLF commitment towards sustainability and adoption of green building practices in the country.
We strongly believe that our healthy pipeline of new products, along with the resilient, as well as a steadily growing rental portfolio, will result in delivering consistent and profitable growth across our businesses.
It gives me a lot of pleasure to share with all of you that the U.S. Green Business Council at the annual expo recognized DCCDL and DLF as world leaders in sustainability.
It says DLF has become the worldwide leader in both LEED zero certifications and LEED for existing buildings platinum-certified spaces, which are extraordinary achievements.
I am honoured to recognize you're creating a sustainable build environment in the Greenbuild International Conference and Expo.
U.S. Green Business Council could not be prouder to work with a global partner like DLF, leading the transformation and LEED generation of the build environment across India and throughout the world.
I think this was an extraordinary achievement for us recognized by the highest body in sustainability in the world.
Saurabh Kumar: Sir congratulations, Team DLF for achieving this positive net cash after guiding for almost 7 years.
So seems to be a similar quarter for you guys.
So our construction spends are still relatively low.
So very happy for Gurgaon to have reached that INR100 crore mark for one apartment.
And I think that is something that is obviously everybody is quite excited about.
And thankfully, there is -- it's backed by not just speculation, it's backed by solid demand, and therefore, the new Super luxury product that we were talking about earlier also, where we have -- we've also mentioned about it in our guidance.
So based on the services, operations, strong demand, I'm happy to also mention to you that, today, Camellias has become the benchmark for the country and very proudly so.
So I think that is a bigger satisfaction than just reaching INR100 crore mark.
So that will increase our spending, plus the Arbour project pace is going to pick up in the second half.
Yes, in the first half, we have achieved cash flow from operations of INR2,000 crores.
So yes, considering our performance in the first half, I see an upside in our cash flow operations on a full year basis.
And we are confident that as we are able to mature our product -- projects, and we are able to give OC, right, we'll be able to generate free cash and that will be utilized to repay the debt.
Sriram Khattar: So Saurabh, on your question of space available in non-SEZ, it's with the complete modesty that we have sort of done well in the last few quarters in terms of leasing.
So now the leasing and operations teams are working on marketing Atrium Place, and they have a head start of more than a year before the first building comes up to lease.
In addition, this has also enthused us and we have marginally accelerated the start of construction of Phase 2 in Taramani, which we should start in the Q4 of this financial year.
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 Aakash Ohri: So, Saurabh, price is going up, so there is a latent demand.
So I don't think -- see, right now, what is going up -- the only thing is that there is a demand for better products and good products.
So prices that are going up, if you see this carefully, is going up for products, which are in a certain genre, so luxury and above.
So the demand for better, bigger homes is there today.
But I'm saying better, bigger, more spacious homes is what the demand is today, and therefore, the price is a resultant of that, Saurabh.
With inflation, with price points going up everywhere, this is where it is today.
Your IT services tenants have actually been very stable.
Reason one is that during COVID, the space take up was for to a lot of exits, and therefore, -- but at the same time, the hiring was very good, and therefore, that is now coming back in terms of tenants, either not leaving spaces or asking for additional spaces.
Two, what has happened is that some of the larger IT companies are no longer looking at 80 square feet per desk, etcetera, which had become the norm pre-COVID, and would like to have more network collaborative open spaces, and therefore, the demand has gone up to 100 and -the size they look at is about 120 to 130 square feet per desk.
There are others who say, even if it is hybrid, they have to cater peak performance, number one, number two, while attendance in our IT parts has improved dramatically, the larger IT services companies till now have been able to manage the increased manpower in the existing spaces.
So if this come back to office starts working in a positive way, and India is far ahead of the west on that, then I see that the demand from IT services will go up.
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 Kunal Tayal: Pretty encouraging, Thank you so much.
Puneet Gulati: Thank you so much, Congratulations on good numbers.
And I think that is the reason why the GAVs may have been slightly adjusted.
So just wondering... Ashok Kumar Tyagi: So maybe part of the devil is that the earlier number may have been slightly optimistic.
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: No, Puneet, I think if you go through the cash flow of DCCDL in the last 1 year, DCCDL gave a hefty dividend in the end of Q4, which really was a substitute for the final dividend.
And secondly, on the cash tax liability for the DevCo, that seems to be quite low.
How long do you think will that advantage persist?
That it -- and lastly, the collection run rate has gone up to almost INR2,200INR2,300 crores.
Is that a sustainable run rate?
Vivek Anand: So Puneet, if you remember, the guidance I had given on collections was a growth of almost 13% to 15%.
So yes, corrections have been good in first half, and I see a potential upside coming in collections and the same upside I expect will flow in the OCF as well, which I clarified in the earlier part to Saurabh.
And then you lastly guided that construction cost would go up by roughly 50% over the previous year.
So that will be almost a 40% increase.
We are getting closer to INR100,000 per square feet.
So does this number see a significant upward revision?
And as far as valuation is concerned, definitely, you will see there is a tremendous upside there already.
But all I can say is there is a reasonably good upside to what you have just mentioned.
But there is a good reasonably positive outlook there.
But obviously, these numbers will undergo a positive change as we hit closer to launch.
We -- in the slum rehab is making very good progress.
And I think both us and SPC are exploring the complete legal options on both counts; a, to restore the shareholding of the company back to where it should have been; and b, to ensure that our outstanding debt from that company to us is not jeopardized.
So I think we are an extremely strong solid -- I mean, legal ground.
I think we just landed up in some sense in an unfortunate situation of what could have been a great project.
But we do hope that we'll eventually be able to come out without a financial loss, maybe with the shareholding also restored.
So I think very good leasing quarter across the operations and the under construction portfolio.
And as I have mentioned earlier in the earlier analyst calls also the majority of the demand continues to be from the so-called global capability centers, which find India a very compelling location to look at because of its strong digital backbone, high-quality, global quality, infrastructure and office spaces at a fraction of a cost, and very high-quality, young English-speaking skilled manpower.
These -- they are expanding in the country, and I personally believe that in the next 4, 5 years, they will be a major contributor to the growth of the offices market.
And then in Downtown Gurgaon, we have been able to establish a rental of INR150.
And in downtown Chennai, we've been able to establish a rental of INR100.
In the SEZ space, fortunately, we are slightly better off than what the competition is.
And once that comes, we will -- we believe that the demand for our quality spaces even in SEZs will go up.
And over the next 4-5 quarters, we'll see a fair amount of traction there also.
And just -- just a follow up on that, SEZ space is also seeing demand from new tenants or just existing tenants expanding?
It is existing tenants expanding, say, about 60%, 70%, and 30%, 40% new tenants coming.
Because I'm seeing -- like if I add up the sales that we have done this quarter, plus the inventory that is their balance, there's a 20% jump in the inventory value.
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 them are on a higher floor, some mid- and some growth.
So answering your question, right, there will be a potential upside there in pricing.
So as we kind of -- we feel that the demand there is more.
And it's just gotten -- I mean, to answer that, it's just -- now the product is enhanced even more, and therefore, that's what it is.
So we look for similar sell-throughs and does it also lead to better, let's say, FSI utilization there?
So I think what the product changes that Aakash alluding to have been more driven by; a, the success of Arbour; and b, by what I think the customers today looking forward is just -- it's not a stand-alone site where if you don't build now, you lose the FSI for life because this is a part of a far bigger land parcel.
secondly, and congratulations to Mr. Khattar on the strong performance we have seen.
And the SEZ, you are also very positive on the Ministry of Commerce giving a favourable... Ashok Kumar Tyagi: First, what will bring us closer to a REIT is the performance of the other REITs and not performance on Khattar.
And those done doing significantly better.
I think there's still possibly a few quarters away from the interest rate scenario turning benign, which actually is the right time for a product like that.
So 1 is your staff cost is down quarter-on-quarter.
And thirdly, Tyagi sir, you have kind of your sales guidance has gone from INR12,000 to INR13,000 and this call INR13,000 crore plus.
We have always maintained a guidance of INR12,000 crores - INR13,000 crores, and even in our last call, I had mentioned specifically that there is an upside risk to this number, which is which is what -- I mean I believe that now maybe the upside risk is slightly stronger.
So I think you are referring to quarter 1 and quarter 2 staff costs, where quarter 2 staff cost has dipped, right?
So quarter 1 had impact coming from quarter 4 sales, which was the highest quarter in the last financial year.
And quarter 2 has sales incentive booked for INR2,000 crores of sales, which happened in quarter 1.
Saurabh Kumar: And should your gross margins be higher because Camellias was booked into revenues like when a the gross margins being higher than the 57% we are reporting?
So this quarter, we would have booked these Camellias sales, right, into revenues, it's 14-odd apartments that's at a higher price.
So yes, the DLF 5 would see that because also had of a lot of infrastructure, as you've seen, the social fabric is very strong.
And with the entire cost that is being great and especially the social infrastructure, I think it is now becoming the go-to place for by choice to live there.
And margins will prevail over any gross numbers that we have want to post.
So it's great that we finally hit there.
I think this -- I mean, the future does foretell -- I mean feel of strong cash flows and strong launches, hopefully.
The RentCo, I mean, is doing an exceptional, exceptional job in terms of its leasing pipeline, it's built out of new capex, it's certification in all of these ESG and LEED certifications.
So I think all in all, I think we are in, hopefully, a good place, and I just hope that the markets continue to be to be positive.
