DLF LIMITED DLF Gateway Tower, R Block, DLF City Phase – III, Gurugram – 122 002, Haryana (India) Tel.
: (+91-124) 4396000, investor-relations@dlf.in 4th November 2023 The General Manager Dept.
of Corporate Services BSE Limited P.J.
Tower, Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 Dear Sir/ Madam, The Vice-President National Stock Exchange of India Limited Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), Mumbai – 400 051 Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings webcast.
Requisite details regarding the earnings webcast are as under: S. No.
1 2 3 Particulars Details Date of Earnings Call 31st October 2023 List of management - Mr. Ashok Kumar Tyagi – Managing Director, DLF Limited attendees - Mr. Vivek Anand – Group Chief Financial Officer, DLF Limited - Mr. Sriram Khattar – Vice Chairman and Managing Director, Rental Business, DLF Limited - Mr. Aakash Ohri – Chief Business Officer and Joint Managing Director – DLF Home Developers Limited https://www.dlf.in/qu-result/DLF-Earnings-31Oct-2023_Final.pdf Web-link of the Transcript This is for your kind information and record please.
Thanking you, Yours faithfully, For DLF Limited Digitally signed by Ram Ram Parkash Punjani Parkash Date: 2023.11.04 Punjani 21:50:16 +05'30' R. P. Punjani Company Secretary Encl.
: As above For Stock Exchange’s clarifications, please contact: Mr. R. P. Punjani - 09810655115/ punjani-rp@dlf.in Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha - 09810988710/ sinha-amit@dlf.in Regd.
Office: DLF Shopping Mall, 3rd Floor, Arjun Marg, DLF City, Phase-I, Gurugram -122 002, Haryana (India) CIN: L70101HR1963PLC002484; Website: www.dlf.in
“DLF Limited Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” October 31, 2023 MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK KUMAR TYAGI –MANAGING DIRECTOR – DLF LIMITED MR. VIVEK ANAND – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – DLF LIMITED MR. SRIRAM KHATTAR – VICE CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR -RENTAL BUSINESS – DLF LIMITED MR. AAKASH OHRI – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER AND JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – DLF HOME DEVELOPERS LIMITED Page 1 of 17
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to DLF Limited Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call.
We have with us today on the call Mr. Ashok Tyagi Whole-Time Director and Managing Director, DLF Limited; Mr. Vivek Anand, Group CFO; Mr. Sriram Khattar, Vice Chairman and MD, Rental Business; Mr. Aakash Ohri, Joint Managing Director and Chief Business Officer.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vivek Anand.
Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Vivek Anand: Thank you.
Good evening, and welcome to DLF Limited Quarter 2 Financial Year '24 Earnings Webcast.
Thank you for joining us today.
I will start with the financial highlights for quarter 2 financial year '24 DLF Limited consolidated.
I'll now move to the financial highlights for quarter 2 financial year '24 DLF Cyber City Developers Limited consolidated results.
Occupancy across the non-SEZ segment Page 2 of 17
We expect construction of a large retail complex in Gurugram to start during the fiscal.
I will now like to hand over to Sriram to say a few words, right?
Before we open this to Q&A session.
Sriram Khattar: Thanks, Vivek.
And I'll just read out parts of the felicitation that they did there.
It also goes on to say that as the largest public listed real estate company in India, your actions and leaderships are influential and inspirational.
You are setting a standard for sustainability, excellence to which others may aspire.
And we continue on our journey on this.
We have got the LEED zero for waste certification for our Cyber City in Hyderabad, and now we are replicating it across all our projects.
And this is in line with our long-term goals of being leaders.
Definitely in India and preferably across the globe in sustainability.
Sriram Khattar: Thank you, Vivek.
Back to you.
Vivek Anand: Thanks Sriram.
Thank you.
Yes, we can open it up for Q&A now.
Moderator: Thank you very much.
We will now begin the question-and-answer session.
Anyone who wishes to ask a question, may press star and one on their touch tone telephone.
If you wish to remove Page 3 of 17
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 yourself from question queue, you may press star and 2.
Ladies and Gentlemen, we will wait for a while till the question queue assembled.
Our first question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JP Morgan.
Please go ahead.
So I had a few questions.
So 1 is, on Camellias, Aakash, so 14 apartments for INR712 crores.
So fair to say that the pricing has now gone to INR70,000 crores, INR75,000 crores, if I just kind of do some back calculation on this unit sales?
So that's the first one.
The second is on your cash flow.
Now as your construction spends kind of move to the -- and you have 30 million square feet under construction, so your construction spend maybe ramp up to maybe INR2,000- crores, INR2,500 crores a year, would you think that your cash flow is now we set still to this INR1100 croresINR1200 crores that you are kind of generating right now?
Or is this, in some sense, be cash flow what we're seeing?
The third is essentially just on your debt.
Sir, what's the logic of keeping INR3,000 crores of debt and then INR3,200 crores of cash on balance sheet, that I could not finally figure out?
And lastly, one for Mr. Khattar.
So it seems to me basis your presentation, you don't have any space available for marketing in the non-SEZ space in this DCCDL whereas you may have some vacancies SEZ, but the non-SEZ space is not available.
So what are your thoughts in terms of getting that space to market because that's where the demand seems to be?
So these are few ones.
Aakash Ohri: Okay.
So thanks, Saurabh.
So in Camellias, we are above the INR75,000, you're right, mark.
And now, as you know, we've got the last few to go.
But I'm sure you would have read the Economic Times article.
So yes, Camellias is upwards of the number that you mentioned.
So what you actually mentioned was the previous pricing and then it's gone up further.
It's closer to what was being reported.
And the only difference being that we have a price difference between lower, mid- and high floors.
So that's where we are with Camellias.
And I think we've been part of this journey, so where we started to where we are.
So not only here, but anywhere in the world, when real estate is mentioned, I think Camellias today is being deferred as an India product.
So yes, that's where we are, Saurabh.
Page 4 of 17
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 Vivek Anand: Yes.
Saurabh, on the construction spend, first of all, last year, our total spend and annual spends were close to INR1,200 crores.
First half, we spent INR650 crores and the second half, our estimate is we'll be spending close to INR1,000 crores.
So on an annualized basis, we'll be spending around INR1,700 crores.
Second half, we expect to start giving possessions for a large part of our floors.
So there will be a large part of outflow coming up in the second half.
The second part of your question was cash flow from operations.
And if you remember, the guidance I had given was upwards of INR3,000 crores on an annualized basis.
Then your other part of the question was what is the logic of keeping INR3,000 crores of gross debt when we have a cash of INR3,165 crores.
Just to remind you that out of INR3,165 crores of cash, the free cash which is available is only INR450 crores.
Rest of the cash is not been realized for accounts, right?
So therefore, we'll have to really live with this gross debt till the time we are able to generate free cash.
In fact, in downtown in Chennai, where there was about 250,000 square feet of space that was left, that was also committed yesterday, and therefore, Downtown Chennai is also fully leased.
So the space that we have available now is about 3%, 3.5%, which is about 6 lakh-7 lakh square feet of space.
In addition to that, we have some of the hard options, which the tenants may not want to take up, which keep coming up, which will get released.
And my sense is they will get released at rates which are current market rates and higher than the rates at which the hard options were.
Three, as we -- our program is to complete Downtown 4 in Gurgaon by the end of '24 -- calendar '24.
And in the first quarter of '25, the Atrium Place, which is our joint venture for about 3 million with Hines in which DLF has 2/3 stake, will start getting completed.
And we are also starting the construction in the next few weeks on the Phase 2 of Downtown in Gurgaon, which is a multiuse development of about 8 million square feet, 8, 8.5 million square feet, with a 2.7 million square feet of mall, a destination mall and about 5, 5.5 million square feet of office towers.
Saurabh Kumar: Thank you, Sir, just 1 follow-up back to the residential side.
Page 5 of 17
As far as concern is concerned, you're right now referring to the real estate thing for resi but tell me where the prices are not going up, whether it's eating out in our hotel or an air ticket or even a holiday.
So if the post-COVID what has happened is that the demand and the spends have kind of changed to a certain habit that people have got into in terms of they realize their life is finite and all that, so therefore, live it up.
Again, I'm not going to get caught into this luxury definition and all that, everybody kind of misuse it.
So it is not something which is just something in the air that you're talking about a smaller apartment with certain price points.
And buying a residential real estate today has become -- I've repeated this, and I'm going to repeat it again, has become a priority for people to kind of -- it is the number one priority today for most of the people.
So thankfully, a lot of people who are in the -- on the fringe and all that and would always live on rentals and do other stuff have also jumped into the freight.
And I'm talking about the younger crowd, which is very heartening to see that the 30 to 40 bracket is today making real estate purchases.
But the good part is that they are -- everybody is wanting to fund and take bigger homes.
So therefore, the rise in price points today are a reflection of a certain mindset, which is changing on ground, Saurabh.
So it is not about speculators, is not about what used to happen 10 years back.
These are people who want to buy homes for themselves.
And if you see the rentals, if you see rentals are a good parameter for what is happening today.
And also, if you see the habitation charts, there is -- there are various reports in Gurgaon, which will tell you that most of the condominiums are now over 90%, 95% inhabited.
So I think these are -- this is what you should see.
So at this point in time, I wouldn't be concerned about that.
But let's see how it goes.
And obviously, things will settle down even further as we go along.
But if you were saying that it's -- all I can say is that there are enough people out there right now who're wanting to better their experiences.
And I'm looking at those people.
They're not only just first time -- not only people who are habitual real estate investors, but also a lot of first-timers, which is very heartening to see, Saurabh.
Moderator: Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Kunal Tayal from Bank of America.
Please go ahead.
Page 6 of 17
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 Kunal Tayal: Sure, Thank you.
Two questions from my side.
There would be about INR19,000 crores worth of launches in the next 6 months.
And after which you're largely left to the pipeline of about INR23,000 -INR24,000 crores and it seems like about 1 year's worth of launches of the new base -- is there a thought process already to start planning for the next phase of launches, which should come by for FY '26 onwards?
So that's question number one.
The second one is on the office side.
It's something that we've not seen from the peers set.
So is there any indication that you have from them that there is no intention to vacate any existing space?
Aakash Ohri: So the first question is, see, we plan for almost 3 years ahead.
And based on which geography we are getting into and what we are doing.
So that, as an exercise, we continue to do internally.
So yes, visibility may be shown for maybe a year or 1.5 years, but we plan 3 years in advance of what we are intending to do.
So have been able to answer that question.
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: So, Kunal, I mean while we have -- we have sort of documented the pipeline or the year after.
It's not that our planning process is sort of shutting down.
So we will have a -- I mean, we have enough land bank, and we will have a constant stream of pipeline flowing out.
And I dare say the impact of COVID is now behind us.
This has been helped by 2 or 3 -- for 2 or 3 reasons.
However, having said that, I may add a word of caution here that the companies are still working on their individual hybrid models.
And that is something which has not yet stabilized.
One thing is sure that it's going to be hybrid, but what form or shape the hybrid takes is still being worked out by companies.
And there are companies who want to hot desk for hybrid.
There are others who want to get individual desks for hybrid.
And last about a quarter or so, we are seeing the green shoots when they have now started planning for the next year and 2 years and started looking for space.
The issue of vacancy, then we will be in a much more subdued.
Page 7 of 17
Moderator: Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC.
Please go ahead.
My first question is on the DevCo's commercial portfolio, the DLF 5 and City Center.
Can you comment what's happened there?
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: So honestly, the GAVs keep on getting adjusted basis, the rentals.
So this time to be fair, on some of those assets, we have done a very thorough analysis of the of the rentals that have been -- that are not they're just today, but their rentals that those buildings have been earning for the last 6 or 7 years.
As you know, -- these numbers have no bearing on the balance sheet or -- on the balance sheet or P&L.
This is the best that I can say.
Because this year -- we've done a very scientific thing of what the rentals are taken a full 9-year cash flow discounted it like a private equity and then come with these numbers.
It should not that we are in the market for selling any of these.
Puneet Gulati: Got it.
And second, DCCDL used to give dividend typically in Q2.
This time, there was a dividend but very small.
Any thought process behind that?
So hence, the final dividend was a very small one.
DCCDL has again given its half year dividend, but that obviously has come at the end of September, so that's coming early October when the DCCDL did their second quarter results meeting.
So DCCDL continues to be in the cycle to give 2 dividends a year, which is what we have been tuned to for the last couple of years.
Puneet Gulati: Okay.
So the cash would come -- would have come in October until September... Ashok Kumar Tyagi: Because as you would appreciate that once the first half results are declared, then the company declared in time dividend for the last 6 months.
Puneet Gulati: I understand, thank you so much.
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: Cash tax liability?
Page 8 of 17
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 Puneet Gulati: Yes.
The cash tax, the cash flow statement.
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: Part of this, Puneet, is linked to the massive change in accounting policy that happened when the new Ind AS accounting standards got notified growing that sense.
So part of this is linked to that.
I mean, we do believe that in our tax returns, we don't foresee a significant tax liability for the next couple of years.
But these are things which are constantly litigating it between us and the department, which is par for the course.
At least for the next couple of years.
Am i right?
Vivek Anand: Yes, yes, absolutely.
Puneet Gulati: Understood.
Or was there some completion additional collection that came through?
And that maintain absolute numbers of close to INR6,400 - INR6,500 crores.
Puneet Gulati: Understood.
That should be... Vivek Anand: Yes, INR1,200 crores of last year going close to INR1,700 crores.
A large part of it, you will see it in the second half.
Puneet Gulati: Understood, Thank you so much.
Moderator: Thank you, Our next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA.
Please go ahead.
Kunal Lakhan: Sir, just on the Phase 5 side, you talked about pricing.
When I just look at your Slide 10, like when -- where we are talking about 5 million square feet of luxury valued at about INR12,400 crores, I mean that's like 25,000 square feet.
Because I believe the bulk of this would be Phase 5.
Aakash Ohri: So what you are seeing is for a ready-to-move-in or ready apartments.
And as far as this is concerned, if you go back to what it was earlier on certain price points at launch, they were - if I just go back 7 years, there was an ex-price.
And today, that price is about 4x that value.
So I wouldn't want to speculate on future values.
Right now, as what Mr. Tyagi was saying, that -- when we come closer to launch, that's when we made our pricing, and we true up the whole thing.
But at this point in time, this is just a guidance given.
But as I said, you will obviously put together also.
Page 9 of 17
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 But again, we are not in the numbers game there in terms of this is going to be a staggered kind of a launch as super luxury deserves.
And there will be price points at various intervals that will go up based on how much stock we bring in at that point in time.
And that's how we -- that's how we'll be approaching the DLF 5 story.
Vivek Anand: And just to add to what Aakash said, Kunal.
See, when we had given this guidance, we had given this guidance towards the end of last fiscal year.
And a lot has changed in the last 6 months, and therefore, keeping it short, yes, these numbers will undergo a change, and there is a potential upside to this number.
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: Yes.
So again, Kunal, what Vivek and Aakash said, absolutely.
These numbers will undergo change as the product and the pricing gets screwed up close to the launch.
I mean we had the objective we had an internal debate of whether we should change these numbers now or as it was launched.
Honestly, I mean, you know us as a company.
We are conservative people.
We don't -- I mean, we are not in the business of trying to milk every guidance upside from a market standpoint.
And so we are okay with this.
Kunal Lakhan: Got it.
Got it.
And secondly, can you just comment a little bit on the new launches status in terms of like where we are in terms of approvals and time lines, for example, for Sector 76 and also for Phase 5?
Aakash Ohri: So in 77, that's Privana, the approval process is on, and this is a Q3 end launch and so far so good.
And the other one you mentioned was the DLF 5 one, right?
So that is also on track for Q4, but that was, as we had said, Q4, Q1.
So that is also on track.
So far, based on what we are doing internally, our approval processes are on track.
And also for the Valley Orchard in Panchkula, the SCO in Gurgaon.
So all the approval process and the -- right now, we are meeting those time lines as we speak.
Kunal Lakhan: So Panchkula will be in Q3 just confirming, right?
Panchkula in Q3?
Aakash Ohri: Yes, that's right.
Kunal Lakhan: And DLF 5 will be in Q4?
Aakash Ohri: Yes.
Q4, Q1, yes.
Kunal Lakhan: Okay.
Aakash Ohri: Not slipping.
It's part of the thing because this is -- as you know, it's a big, very big project, and it's coming after Camellias was 2014.
This is 20s almost a decade.
So these products require that kind of an intention.
So 1 month here or there won't really matter, but I'm just saying you should know where we are as far as the planning is concerned.
But so far, it's on track.
It's just that we just -- we'll take the call closer to Q4 or maybe in the beginning of Q4, we'll know exactly, say -- by January, we'll know without to take.
Page 10 of 17
Kunal Lakhan: Sure.
Understood.
And my last question is on, again, like I think on the utilization of free cash flows, like we are clocking almost like INR1,100- INR1,200 crores a quarter now.
And with debt behind us now, how should we look at it incrementally going ahead because we'll end up piling a lot of cash in coming quarters and years?
Vivek Anand: So I think as, Kunal, I had said earlier, the -- it's very clear.
I think the first priority is to really generate as much as free cash as possible.
And while we have INR3,100 plus crores of cash, the free cash available is INR450 crores.
So the first priority is to make sure that we complete the projects, get the NOCs and convert that into free cash.
So once we have free cash, yes, one of the things we could possibly do is to really repay some of the debt.
Second is to really put the cash behind growth, right?
And third is to continue to reward the shareholders.
I think that's consistently what we are following.
Kunal Lakhan Sure, Thank you so much.
Moderator: Our next question is a text question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities.
Can you update us on the status of the Tulsiwadi and Andheri project?
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: Okay.
So the Andheri project is on track, as we had mentioned last time.
I think of the first phase of 30-odd stores somebody have 27-28 stores are already ready.
And we stay on track for a potential launch around, I'd say, definitely before June of '24.
So that does look to be on track.
And the first phase should be about 1 million square feet of launch, give or take.
We had made a bid for acquiring 100% of the shareholding of the company to the then lender, PNBHFL, who did not -- who was unable to give us a position of 100% of the shares.
Then they did a -- they sort of sold off the loan to an ARC, which sold off the stake to an entity.
We went to -- we and Shapoorji Pallonji both went to court against the completely non transparent method that the process was done.
The Delhi High Court has made some scathing observations and has put all the shares in suspended animation.
Delhi High Court has, by and large, in their interim conclusion supported our stand.
And now I think we just a question of sort of taking that legal issue through all its right, I mean, course.
And we are in the midst of that legal battle.
Andheri project is on track.
Page 11 of 17
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 Moderator: Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal.
Please go ahead.
Pritesh Sheth: First is to Mr. Khattar.
Just wanted to get a sense of that leasing, 3 lakh square feet each leased out in both SEZ, non-SEZ space.
Where is the demand exactly coming from?
Is it the existing tenants expanding?
Or are we also seeing some new tenants, specifically in SEZ spaces as well?
Sriram Khattar: So I will start with the non-SEZ spaces.
The demand is coming from new tenants and existing tenants.
We have a vacancy of about 14%-15 odd percent.
We believe and we are given to understand that the ministry of commerce is in the final stages of allowing floor-wide de-notification.
So to add to this, what Saurabh asked in the beginning as to where the stock is, we believe that floor-wise de-notification will also give us about 800,000 to 1 million of stock in the next year or so.
Pritesh Sheth: Sure.
Sriram Khattar: It's a combination of both.
Pritesh Sheth: Got it.
Okay.
And just 1 question on Camellias again, whether the inventory that is there right now in our slide, it's repriced to 1 lakh square feet, or -- what's the pricing assumption there?
So what's the pricing assumption now in Camellias?
Aakash Ohri: So pricing is, as I mentioned earlier also, it's the lower, middle and higher floors.
Higher floors go upwards of the number that you're talking about.
The lower floors are basically based on that.
There's a preference location thing, which is a 20% difference between the 3 segments that I just mentioned.
So that's where the valuations will be.
Some of the inventory that is left, some of Page 12 of 17
So based on that is what the valuation is going to be.
So if that's -- if I've been able to answer that for you.
Pritesh Sheth: Yes.
So the range would be -- Sorry, you can go ahead.
Vivek Anand: I think you -- so what we've done is that the current value of inventory is based on the average price realization of quarter 2, right?
So -- and what Aakash is saying that the current price is certainly more than that.
Moderator: Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies.
Please go ahead.
Abhinav Sinha: A couple of questions.
Firstly, on Privana.
So is there a rethink on the product that we have there versus the mid-rise that we were envisaging?
Aakash Ohri: No.
So product, not we think in that way, but there was -- already, there were a couple of towers of high-rise in Privana.
So it was -- that's just been some more towers basically have been added as high rise to the mid-rise scheme.
That's all.
So this -- in the plan, there was already highrise is a mix of that with some mid-rise.
But right now, there is -- I think it's just -- we've added more highlights to the scheme.
And then, of course, the way it's coming out, again, it's -- if I can call it an Arbour 2 because it's just -- it's the same kind of spec and payouts and all that.
And the approach infra closest to the biggest green land in Haryana.
So for a home, it's -- it can't be more perfect.
So that's what it is right now.
Abhinav Sinha: Right.
Or that's not the idea here?
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: So, Abhinav, I mean what we are launching there right now is barely covering a 1/4 of the total size that we have there.
So we have an enormous degree of flexibility in terms of the -- of how to use the maximum FSI available on that site.
But yes, I mean, to Aakash's point, Currently, what we are looking at is a product, frankly, far closer to Arbour than the old colony sector... Aakash Ohri: So adding to Mr. Tyagi's point, because just for you to put it in perspective, you can -- I mean, only a colloquial way of saying it, it can be called DLF 6, but there's so much to do there.
There is so much to do there because it's a good parcel, and we'll kind of build it from scratch.
Page 13 of 17
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 Abhinav Sinha: Okay.
So Tyagi sir, my question is, does this bring us closer to the REIT offering now considering we are here.
But to be fair, as I think we have said umpteen times in the past, we are now ready from a structuring standpoint to almost press the button within a 180-day period of whenever the 2 shareholders decide.
I think it was, in some sense, in a pause mode for a variety of reasons, including COVID and the aftermath of COVID, the vacancy overhang that it left the bits and pieces and the entire interest rate scenario.
But clearly, I mean, our monetization at some stage, I'm sure will happen.
It's just a question that -- I mean that both the shareholders, while they are aware and cognizant of that, I don't think there right now, if I may use the word in a tearing hurry to do that.
But at some stage, I'm sure that there will be an interesting amortizing option that will be executed.
Abhinav Sinha: Thank you and all the best to the team.
Moderator: Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JP Morgan.
Please go ahead.
Saurabh Kumar: So just had a few more.
What explains that?
I mean given the performance of the company.
So that's first.
The second is with Dwarka Expressway, we are now finally completing, sir.
Is there are like a lot of investor inventory, whatever gets unlocked and that kind of comes to the market?
And how does it interact with your New Gurgaon supply, if you have any thoughts about what archive Dwarka Express completion in Gurgaon?
So that's the second one.
Would you want to kind of give a range as to where you see the number or should it be better because every quarter now you... Ashok Kumar Tyagi: I will answer your last question first before I defer to Vivek and Aakash on the balance piece so make in our card for the balance piece.
So hence, I added the plus INR13,000 crores.
But you won't not just into giving a sharper number than that.
Vivek Anand: Staff cost,Saurabh.
Our staff cost for the full year is expected to be somewhere close to INR560 crores to INR570 crores.
Is that...
I think that's more to do with phasing of spend.
I Page 14 of 17
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 think quarter 1 has a larger provision for sales incentive, right, which is the sales incentive normally be booked with a lag of 1 quarter.
I think that's the only reason why there is a difference.
But on a full year basis, you can take INR560 crores, INR570 crores kind of a number.
Vivek Anand: No.
So you're talking about second half?
I didn't get your question.
Saurabh Kumar: No, no.
So the gross margins on those sales will be like north of 70%, I'm guessing.
So, your gross margin, which you are reporting is 55, sorry, 57?
Vivek Anand: So Saurabh, what we -- what I've sold today is at a higher price and therefore, at a higher margin.
So that margin will get recognized when we'll issue the possession letters, which will happen sometime away.
Now this 57% margin is for the positions I have given during the quarter and something which was sold a year or 2 years back.
Saurabh Kumar: Got it.
and lastly on Dwarka Express way.
Aakash Ohri: With reference to Dwarka Express way as you know, Saurabh, for over 5 years or whatever inventory that was there, that has been still hanging around there.
And that is more of an investor market than anything else.
So it kind of sometimes worries me next visit also.
Because it's more of -- I don't know who's finishing off what payments there, but everybody is near to make that initial transaction.
And post that, what's happening is, whether it's habitation or where it's anything else, that I feel right now is contributing to what the other developments are seeing and especially in terms of moments and all.
So I don't -- I mean, at this point in time, too early to comment.
But whether it's conflicting or not each markets are different.
We are completely, as you know, sold out in ROG.
I will only know post that.
But each one of our projects kind of work on a different parameter and requirement.
And basically, as far as DLF is concerned, it is an end user's product.
So speculators and that particular thing I feel at this point in time, I don't think we've gone after that for a long time.
At least in my tenure, I can say that very clearly to you.
So I think there are two very different markets here, Saurabh.
Saurabh Kumar: Okay.
And just on your Phase 5, Aakash, so your Camellias has gone to nearly 1 lakh and now you're launching this mini Camellias, if I can call it, in Q4 or Q1.
So now is it like Phase 5 breaks the pack from Gurgaon and now trades in line with Central Delhi, South Delhi types?
Or is that something you think is structurally now that the rate convergence between Phase 5 and South Delhi has finally happened or...
Page 15 of 17
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 Aakash Ohri: Yes, yes.
DLF 5 now you should be worried to compare it with Bombay what you're saying central Delhi.
So different about time, the kind of work that we've done and it's got accolades.
And I say it with pride as in Indian, I mean first DLF and then, of course, kind of product that is being done and the ecosystem that is being kind of created.
It is, today, when people -- when foreigners come or people from outside NRIs and all, the first thing is like the Beverly of India, Beverly Hills of India.
The kind of community that lives in the DLF 5 I can simply say half of India's GDP is kind of contributor from the kind of people who are who are part of the community there.
And the good part is people love staying there.
So as far as that is concerned, Saurabh, I see a lot of -- going forward also, it's become the choice.
I mean, today, if I can share this data also quickly with you.
Any expat who's coming into the country, and you know when they come in their 6 months before that, their first choice when they come for these reiki visits is to see where they're going to live.
And whilst Delhi is an option, Vasant Vihar and other colonies, DLF 5, DLF Golf Link is the most preferred choice.
And this I think will pick up from any data, any relocated companies and all.
So today, I see that going up.
So once -first, it was something that we were pushing.
Now it is more of a full product.
So I think again, with the demand and supply syndrome, what's going to happen is that you will see this definitely going up, as you see, Mangolia today is trading at about almost INR60,000 -INR55,000 to INR60,000 a square foot, that's about INR35 crores to INR38 crores and where it was earlier.
So these were all very latent demand.
Nothing -- I don't see this as a volatile the kind of thing.
I'm seeing this as people who are -- have very few options of communities like this, it's like an into a central part where you have 500 acres of a green lung right in front of you, and then, of course, the security system and everything else.
So I think that's where the demand will be.
And second, you've been holding it for 5 years on launch pipelines and all.
What Mr. Tyagi must told you must be music to all of your years, hopefully, that now DLF pipelines are ready and things are happening.
So I think that's something that we are concentrating on.
And Vivek said, margins are something which is extremely dear to us.
Our projects will be launched only subject to what conditions are.
So that's where we are Saurabh.
We are getting here.
Saurabh Kumar: Thank you, Happy Diwali.
Moderator: Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our question-and-answer session.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashok Tyagi for closing comments.
Page 16 of 17
DLF Limited October 31, 2023 Ashok Kumar Tyagi: Thank you.
There's not much that I can say after that Aakash's rousing speech.
But honestly, I think this hitting at zero debt was a very important sort of.
It's almost an emotional target for many of us over the last 8- 9 years, as you know, and we've taken a lot of steps in the last few years on this.
And hopefully, you look forward to the next quarterly interaction.
Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you.
On behalf of DLF Limited, that concludes this conference.
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.
Page 17 of 17
