It gives me immense pleasure to be in touch with you, and I thank you very much for the interest shown in Ashok Leyland.
I’m extremely happy to share that Q3 FY ‘23 continues to be good, aided by strong performance in domestic truck sales with 32.6% market share.
This is almost a 7.3% increase over our market share during the same period last year.
In Q3, MHCV truck volumes have grown more than 1.3 times than the industry growth, resulting in AL market share improving to 32.6% as compared to 25.3% in Q3 of last year.
Our LCV volumes in Q3 are higher than last year by 15%.
Q3 domestic after-market sales at Rs 507 crores grew at 28% over the same period of last year.
Q3 operating profit was at Rs 560 crores as against a loss of Rs 15 crores in Q3 of last year.
Our profit during the quarter has helped with the reduction of net debt by about Rs 635 crores.
During the quarter, we have launched Partner Super in 9, 10 and 11 tons, Oyster Wide CNG, Oyster Wide Diesel double door, 13.5-meter bus with drum brakes, Lynx Smart Staff bus chassis and expanding our range further with new products.
I'm extremely confident that with these launches and the continued expansion of the network, we will sustain the market share gains achieved in the last 4 quarters.
The growth in MHCV trucks TIV in Q3 and LCV truck is backed by recovery in macroeconomic environment, replacement demand and pickup in infrastructure, mining and construction activities.
Healthy growth in the end-user industries like cement, steel and infrastructure as well as increase in general manufacturing activity and consumption trends continue to support demand from fleet operators.
Supported by these factors, the industry volumes are inching towards the previous peak registered in FY '19.
The viability of fleet operators is expected to continue to remain healthy despite some moderation in freight rates post the festive season.
For FY '23, the industry volumes are expected to grow at a healthy rate, supported by steady freight demand and economic recovery, the government's focus on infrastructure spending and boom in e-commerce.
We are very encouraged by the resumption in the MHCV passenger segment, which reported a year-on-year growth of 132%, supported by almost full resumption of offices and educational institutions.
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 LCV year-on-year growth of 5% is supported by healthy demand from agriculture and allied sectors, the increased last-mile transportation requirements especially from e-commerce and stable macroeconomic environment.
While the pace of growth is slowing down as the base effect catches up, the volumes have already surpassed the quarterly level reported in FY 2018 and FY 2020 level and are close to industry high seen in FY 2019.
The softening of commodity prices, in particular steel, has impacted on the margin positively.
What is good to see is that the retention of such increases is better.
LCV, both Dost and Bada Dost, are gaining in road and had been growing stronger by the day.
Both these products hold immense potential for exports and are a perfect fit in our addressable market.
Aftermarket also continues to perform very well.
We are putting tremendous efforts in reducing costs, both product costs as well as overheads.
I know there has been a lot of interest in Switch, which is an important initiative, and we are committed to developing Switch with global electric vehicle company.
Our sales order pipeline is robust.
We are chalking out our plans to utilize growth opportunities fully by chasing high-quality, costeffective products.
Revenue for Q3 at Rs 9,030 crores, which is 63% higher than Q3 of last year.
Manpower cost in Q3 is higher than previous quarter by Rs 22 crores, due to variable performance pay and bonus provision restatements reflecting the current performance level.
EBITDA is at Rs 797 crores, 8.8% in Q3, up from Rs 224 crores last year.
Profit after tax after exceptional items for the quarter was at Rs 361 crores versus Rs 6 crores in Q3 of FY '22.
Capex spend for the full year is estimated to be up around Rs 600 crores.
The company is doing very well.
The company recently has got a 2,100-bus order from CESL, one of the largest orders which the industry has witnessed.
We can really see that the potential of EV is growing very fast in India.
I think the double-decker, which was launched last year, the end of last year has created a lot of excitement.
It has raised the bar of the industry in terms of quality, fit, finish and total cost of ownership and also the viability of double-decker as a transportation EV alternative.
Switch U.K. is waiting for the European markets to recover.
But we believe that once this happens, we are going to see the potential of Switch U.K. also to scale up very quickly.
And I think the leverage that the Switch team has been able to obtain in getting orders on product development is being very much on time.
Jinesh K. Gandhi: Congrats on good set of numbers.
Jinesh, essentially, we have seen a confluence of factors that drive margin expansion.
One is there has been improvement in realization, and we have been consistently raising prices.
Over the last few quarters, we have done that even in the month of January, because we believe that with the growing demand, we also need to raise the prices because there has been a shift from BS IV to BS VI.
And while metal prices are coming off, which is extremely positive for the industry, we also know that there has been an increase in steel prices, which has happened over the last 2, 3 years.
So, we continue to raise prices as efficiently as possible.
The second one is, again, as you mentioned, steel prices have come off quite sharply.
And as Chairman had mentioned, our expectation is that they will continue to be at these levels or even a little softer in Q4, which will help in improving margins as we move forward.
The third thing, which has also improved, as I mentioned before, and now I'll explain.
We've been continuously working on the mix to ensure that the higher profitable models are being sold, and this has helped.
We have seen a significant improvement in market share.
We have market share significantly above 30% in the current quarter.
This has been possible because of the exemplary performance of the AVTR range of vehicles.
The modular range of vehicles has been accepted very well in the market, and there's quite a bit of pull in certain segments for AVTR vehicles.
And I think in terms of quality, cost, delivery, total cost of ownership, fit and finish, I think AVTR range has proved itself.
The light commercial vehicles have also been doing reasonably well.
They have saved some headwinds occasionally, but they are on a growth trajectory.
And all of this volume growth has also helped in the operating leverage you can notice.
And are we seeing a real moderation in discounts now?
So are we seeing a benefit of that on the ground now?
We are seeing that discount levels are coming off a bit.
We are expecting that we would see a little more consolidation on that in the fourth quarter.
So finally, what matters is what is the net delivered price to the company, and that has been improving month-on-month.
We are having a sharper focus on this because it's not enough just to grow, which is very important for us.
So, we would continue to ensure that we are more than covering our costs and recover the same.
The only thing that I can say at this moment and while one can't be 100% confident on this, but we are reasonably confident that we are not going to get impacted severely by OBD2.
I think this has been a very good budget, positive for the industry infrastructure and also some rationalization that has happened on the tax structure.
Kapil R. Singh: Congrats on a great set of numbers.
You mentioned about some of the positive catalysts as well risks and on the balance do you expect like a double-digit growth next year?
So, I think we've seen a very strong recovery during this current financial year.
And based on all the initiatives that we heard in the budget yesterday and special focus on the capital expenditure and transportation, we do expect that this strong momentum to continue.
But I think all indications are that it will continue to remain a very strong year next year as well.
But all I can tell you is that we are well positioned in terms of the technology that we are currently offering in OBD that we would be able to kind of seamlessly move forward on that.
Like for example, if you notice, in 2019-20, right, which was pre-COVID, the entire industry was expected to have a heavy pre-buy because of the implementation on BS VI on 1st of April.
But we saw that quarter-on-quarter in 2019-20, actually, the demand was not going even though the cost of the vehicles was supposed to go up quite significantly.
I think what we're going to see is that if the prices that's going to be raised by the industry is going to be quite material, you could see some amount of prebuy.
There is genuine demand on the ground, all industries are doing well.
So, I think even if that continues, that would be this trajectory is sufficient for posting a healthy growth in the current quarter.
On top of it, if there is an OBD2 prebuy, well, that's going to be positive.
But I don't think we are planning for a material demand base increase because of OBD2, but we'll have to wait and watch.
One is whether you expect further commodity benefit.
And third is on operating leverage because we are seeing that your other expenditure is not rising as much as the revenue growth now.
Or do you expect any material increase there?
You see what we are doing in the company today is to drive operational efficiency across the company.
We have had various programs and material cost reduction, overhead reduction and all that.
But what we are trying to do is to use digital in a more wholesome way to drive productivity and reduce cost, which does not add value either to the customer or to the vendor or to any of the people in the chain.
One, to get deeper penetration and grow the share of business in India.
The second one is to ensure that the growth businesses, which is LCV, international, defense, power solutions, aftermarket, grow even at a faster rate so that this helps to devolatize the company, and secondly, also improve the margins.
As I told you, the growth businesses have significantly better margins than the main MHCV business.
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 the Bada Dost have done exceptionally well because these have been completely differentiated products that Ashok Leyland is offered, and that has helped us.
So, we will continue to look at the benefits of better deeper penetration, cost management, and more importantly operating leverage driving the profitability of the company as we move forward.
Pramod Kumar: Congratulations on an excellent set of operational numbers.
You did mention about segments like cements, steel and infra, which are doing well.
If you can just help us understand better, given that data availability has got really good nowadays.
And what are the sectors which you are kind of optimistic and what sectors can do better?
But broadly, let me tell you what's happening and that is one of the reasons why the industry profitability is also moving better is because we're seeing that there is the demand which has increased quite significantly in comparison to the other sectors in multi-axle vehicles, in tractor trailers and in tippers.
That's why I mentioned earlier that this helps in the profitability of the industry getting better.
We have been gaining growth and share in the ICV segment.
Now the other point is with respect to sectors, I think almost all significant transport, inducing sectors are doing well.
Real estate, again, continues even in the new budget, I think, with the impetus is that has been given you're going to see real estate grow.
Infra, the government continues to kind of pursue on infrastructure, an investment asset growth trajectory for the economy itself.
And we are also seeing that almost all industries are posting good growth.
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 So, if you look at the core sectors, if you look at cement, steel, chemicals, paper all these sectors are doing very well.
The other bit that is doing well where we are seeing some bit of ICV growth is, of course is e-commerce.
You see that e-commerce has now become very crucial for the average consumer, and even what is happening is it is not only this.
So today, the focus has become that we need trucks, which will perform, which will deliver on time, which will reduce the total cost of ownership.
So why I'm mentioning this is we could possibly see a trend where the replacement cycle of some of the BS II, BS III trucks which are there or even to a certain extent, BS IV would start happening faster because today, it is not about just having wheels on the road.
And all organizations are becoming very efficient in their inventory-management.
But at the end of all of this, what is most important is the economy must grow.
That is where I think India scores and possibly, we will see industry growing over the next maybe 2 years at least going by the global forecast.
Also, huge growth in the electric buses as well, as you heard from Switch.
So, across the board, all the segments are showing a very strong recovery.
I think that's going to show as you mentioned, a faster growth because we are quite far from the peak volumes that we have had.
That's a very good point.
On the utilization side, Gopal, because there are factors which are headwinds for the sector like rising interest rates, moderating growth rate, but despite that the industry has really surprised everyone on the monthly velocity in terms of the volumes workouts or what are getting added.
And one cannot forget the fact that the tonnage addition is significantly higher than the previous cycle because the average size of trucks has gone larger.
So given all that, what is the feedback you're getting from the end users like if you have to get confidence on next year being a good growth year, utilization of the fleet will also be very important and hence, the This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
I said that what is happening, I did mention haulage also that, that's also another sector that we added, all the large trucks are doing well, and so is the ICV.
That has also improved the profitability.
See, as far as next year is concerned, as we had mentioned, at the moment, all of us are confident that next year is also going to be a growth year.
Raghunandhan: Congratulations team on very strong numbers and welcoming Shenu sir on the platform.
My first question, Ashok has been doing very well on market share, favorable mix, network This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
In the last few quarters, we have gradually been increasing our market share and had seen an all-round effort right from the product itself, which are performing very well, as Gopal was just explaining.
And at the same time, the network expansion, geographically, you will see the growth is happening across the board, across the country.
And we've been able to increase our market share in every zone that we're operating in and every segment as well.
Going forward, I would say that our aspiration is very much to continue this growth.
And as I think something I said earlier as well, but to continue this growth on a profitable basis, we are not looking to buy market share.
We want to do this through our better product performance on our customer care and service.
We are looking forward to continuing our growth and market share.
In press release, you have alluded to aftermarket and Power Solutions business doing well.
Gopal Mahadevan: Yes, I think the aftermarket has done well.
I mean, while we don't give specific breakdowns on this, it has been growing at about 25% to 28% as well.
But on a YTD basis, if my memory serves me right, they have posted nearly about 17% growth.
But otherwise -- and exports is also in YTD terms has grown.
Last year itself, it has grown by about 38% to 11,000 units from the previous 8,000.
We are certainly expecting the growth in the current year as well.
But you possibly would see that the export volumes if things start to return to normalcy in the international markets, you would possibly see that our export volumes will start to gain momentum.
On the margin side, would it be possible to give us some sense as to the 170, 180 basis point gross margin improvement that we've seen.
Is it fair to assume that this is coming because of commodity easing?
And do we expect that a similar sort of improvement kicking in quarter 4 as well or bulk of the commodity correction is reflected in this Q3?
You have seen price increases happening in June quarter, September quarter.
We did a price increase, I think, again, in the third quarter.
So obviously, we have got about 4% - 4.5% of price increase happening, right?
Now that's a net-price increase.
The second bit is, of course, steel prices have come off.
So that has also kind of helped in the overall margin improvement.
So, these are the 2 large things that have actually helped in the margin improvement.
The industry is moving towards slightly larger tonnage, which is good for the industry.
Gopal Mahadevan: We are hoping that that will happen because it's good for the industry.
But like I mentioned earlier, we are expecting that the prices will continue at least at the exit rate of Q3, which is lower than the entry rate of Q3.
So, to that extent, there is some benefit.
And that is, in a way, for people who are looking at the Ashok Leyland balance sheet will be positive because there is no demand that will come in from Hinduja Leyland for funding their growth plans.
And lastly, on scrappage, if you can share thoughts, anything that we should read into the budget incremental impetus or any progress on that scheme, do we see that as an industry growth catalyst for the next 1 or 2 years?
It includes passenger cars, etc., But we believe that this is definitely a positive, like we have been mentioning earlier, any sort of a policy announcement like scrappage, the government is signaling towards exiting the older vehicles, right?
And we believe that this acceleration will happen even faster because of the changes in technology.
The second one is, because of the thrust on the government, including PLI, we are going to see maybe faster adoption of EVs, which is again good for Ashok Leyland and Chairman, you want to add something?
And if there is some form of support that comes in from the center to the state government, I think that will expedite it.
But if firmer or more clear directions come on this, it will definitely have a good impact for our industry.
Gopal, you said that the freight rates have kind of softened, I think Mr. Hinduja said that after the festive season.
But when I see the e-way bill data, that is growing pretty rapidly.
Is it more seasonal or you're seeing softness in freight rates going ahead as well?
And I think we don't see any major impacts on freight rates.
And we have no data to state that even freight rates will soften further.
I mean what I said is the viability of fleet operators remain healthy, although there has been some moderation in the freight rates during this festive season.
But I think going forward, the way the market is moving, I do not see softening on the freight rates to happen.
Is it coming from because bounce back in the traditional strong markets or the gain largely coming from non-South markets where we have been making more inroads?
Dheeraj Hinduja: I was just going to say that, as I mentioned, our market share growth has come across the country.
In fact, we've had a stronger growth in the North and East in terms of the overall percentage.
I mean, it has been due to the increase in the expansion of our network.
But also, as Gopal has been explaining as well, there's been a strong product pool, which has also helped us.
So, there's not only a Southern market growth, but it is an all-India growth that we've seen, the Western markets, Northeast, Central, across the board.
And just a clarification, you indicated that at least for Q4, the commodity benefit is going to be similar or maybe a little bit soft, right?
And even the fourth quarter, the commodity prices continue to be at the third quarter level or at the exit level as we kind of believe it will be, then it would have a positive impact.
But we haven't seen -- all we can say at the moment is sitting on the 2nd of February, we haven't seen a further decrease happening in commodity, but neither has there been any increase.
I mean so you are seeing that benefit.
If you could just explain how it has progressed from last year end, essentially the free cash flow generation, capex and how the net debt has progressed over the last 3 quarters?
So, we are well on track and are conservative on the capex.
And overall, if you look at it, the net-debt levels have been improving, and we don't see an issue on that.
Because I mean the EBITDA margin is expected to be better given the volumes.
So, do you think that this could improve significantly over the next quarter?
I mean, given that we are expecting a strong growth to continue in FY '24 and given our other investment programs, should we look at increase in pace of investment going forward for the future growth, both on product and capacity side?
I think on the capacity side, we are, as Gopal was saying, we are looking at all the internal efficiencies that we can bring in debottlenecking within the plants wherever there are possibilities.
With regard to the product, as you recall, the introduction of AVTR as a modular platform, the benefit of it is that with very minor modifications, we are able to meet whatever the customer requirements are and in alternative fuels as well.
But at this point of time, I think we are not seeing anything substantial to hit our Capex requirement.
And on the other side, does it also mean that the pricing gets a lot more competitive given that the large operators might bargain harder?
So, while we're looking at the whole distribution cycle, the last-mile delivery to the long distance that's needed across the country, I think we will continuously see all the different product categories are growing based on the market demand.
Gopal Mahadevan: Well, I think a lot of it also depends on the demand itself and today, the demand remains very strong.
But as you are seeing currently the prices are improving based on the current demand requirements.
So I'm not seeing any decline or reduction in terms of our ability to price our products.
And I think as we mentioned, we've had a good quarter.
We're seeing this trend to continue.
The government commitment towards their capex and possibly the scrappage scheme introduction as well, all holds good promise for our sector.
And we have grown our market share in the last few quarters, and we continue to do so.
And this is across the country market share growth, and across the various product segments as well, including the passenger vehicle side.
So, all in all, we remain very upbeat in terms of the prospect for this industry and for Ashok Leyland as a whole.
So, we hope that we are able to continue with the performance and the macroeconomic factors continue to support the growth of the industry, and we'll have more to share in the fourth quarter.
