Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 Working capital has reduced by about Rs 135 crores during the quarter.
Debt equity is at 0.3 times versus 0.4 times during the same period last year.
Ashok Leyland, even while growing market share sequentially has been raising prices owing to higher input costs.
As you know, there has been a lot of challenge on the European and the U.K. side because of not only the economic turmoil, but also the impact of the war, etc.
As we had discussed earlier, it is taking a little bit longer than expected, not because there is the lack of This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Gopal Mahadevan: Well, I think the industry is expected to raise prices on OBD2, and different players have got different technologies.
Of course, unfortunately, after that, we had an immediate Covid outbreak.
The best part of this current year's demand has been that this has been quite a pull from the customers.
And exports is going to be something that we are looking forward to because currently, the international markets are very, very choppy, and they have not given us the opportunity for growth as we would like, even though we have been growing in the Middle Eastern markets.
In the past, you must remember that we have had a lot of shocks, or I would say, certain developments like an axle load norm coming in or suddenly GST getting introduced or other factors, NBFC crisis coming in, which had actually resulted temporary contraction, but axle load had a much larger impact.
Today, what we are seeing is as Chairman had mentioned, one is we have not yet fully seen the demand of buses coming back because the impact of COVID is just waning, and we are actually seeing people having pulled back up into offices, schools.
And Power Solutions in absolute volume terms for Q3 has been flattish.
Like we said, Defense business has seen some challenge now because of the ordering.
We've had, I think, 2020- 21 and 2021-22 partially were very tough years for the industry, not only because of COVID but also the soaring steel prices that were there, and it's good to see that prices have softened.
Because when I see that there is some slowdown in consumption for sure.
When the export duty was more on steel, there was a perception that steel prices will harden.
But they haven't because the point is that the Indian prices still continue to be higher than the global prices.
Of course, if it falls even further, then it has a greater impact.
We're tight on the capex, and there are multiple levels of discussions before we spend money on that.
It should be lower than Rs 600 crores definitely.
Maybe we will even take it a little lower than that, but we'll share that.
So, what we are hearing from large ones such as VRL is that the smaller and more unorganized fleet operators are losing out.
