“Ashok Leyland Limited Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” February 02, 2023 MANAGEMENT: MR. DHEERAJ HINDUJA – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED MR. SHENU AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED MR. GOPAL MAHADEVAN – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED MODERATOR: MR. NISHIT JALAN - AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Ashok Leyland Q3 FY '23 Conference Moderator: Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listenonly mode and there will be opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the Moderator by pressing star then zero on your touch tone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishit Jalan.
Thank you, and over to you.
Nishit Jalan: Thank you.
Good afternoon, everyone.
Welcome to Q3 FY ‘23 post results conference call of Ashok Leyland.
From the management team, we have with us Mr. Dheeraj Hinduja, Executive Chairman; Mr. Shenu Agarwal, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gopal Mahadevan, Director and Chief Financial Officer.
I’ll now hand over the call to Mr. Hinduja for his opening remarks, post which we can move to Q&A.
Over to you, Mr. Hinduja.
Dheeraj Hinduja: Thank you.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
I will quickly run you through the Q3 performance as well as some of the latest developments.
This is the fourth consecutive quarter of 30%-plus market share for Ashok Leyland.
EBITDA for Q3 was at Rs 797 crores, 8.8% as against Rs 224 crores, 4% in Q3 of last year.
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 2 of 23
Capital expenditure for the quarter was at around Rs 100 crores.
However, inflation concerns driven by hike in interest rates and continued high fuel prices and its impact on viability of fleet operators would have to be monitored in the near future.
However, the volumes are yet to reach the pre-pandemic level of 10,000 to 12,000 per quarter.
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 3 of 23
We have established a name and a platform as a credible EV manufacturer.
After I finish, I will ask Gopal to brief you further on the results at Switch and the status with potential investors.
Finally, before I open the floor to questions, let me share the financials in brief.
Operating working capital for Q3 was at Rs 355 crores as against Rs 490 crores as of This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 4 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 September '22.
Net debt was at Rs 2,043 crores in December '22 as against Rs 2,677 crores in September 2022.
Debt equity at the end of the quarter was at 0.3x.
Capital expenditure for the quarter was at Rs 104 crores.
Cumulative spend till December 31, 2022, was at Rs 322 crores.
So, before we open the floor for questions, I would request Gopal to brief you a little more on Switch.
Gopal Mahadevan: Thank you, Chairman.
So good afternoon to all of you.
Thank you very much for the interest in Ashok Leyland.
Just to quickly brief on Switch.
All of you must have read about it.
And this has been followed through with another 500-bus order from the Telangana State Road Transport Corporation.
Of course, all of this would be final, but some adjustments may happen in the volume when final rollout happens, but it's a very large order, which is material for the company and also for the industry.
The company is poised to launch a spectrum of exciting products.
Switch U.K. is also poised to launch the E1 bus sometime in the early part of next year or later part of this year.
The whole industry is waiting for the Bada Dost EV to be launched, which should happen sometime in June or the third quarter of the current year.
So, there's a lot of activity on the product development also.
We have had order bookings coming in.
Hope you would be keen to understand where we are on the fundraising activity.
Page 5 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 interest from investors into it, but we just want to ensure that we're getting the right strategic partners who will partner Switch and its management team in growth.
There are active discussions going on with several investors, both for Switch and for Ohm, which is the emobility-as-a-service company that has been structured.
And we'll have more to update you maybe in the coming quarter.
We will keep you posted, but business is continuing.
So back to you, Chairman.
Dheeraj Hinduja: Yes.
Thank you, Gopal.
We will be happy to take your questions now.
Moderator: We have the first question from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal.
Quickly, if you can just talk about the drivers of margin expansion in this quarter?
How much would have been contributed by the commodity costs benefits?
And is there any reduction in discounts which we are seeing and talk more about it?
Gopal Mahadevan: Okay.
Let me take a shot at this.
I would say there are 4 reasons for it.
And we rightly observed, so we mentioned 2, which are the most important ones or the critical ones.
The other two are the mix of the products.
And finally, is the absolute volume itself.
Just one year back in June / July 2021 or so, our market share was at about 18.5%.
And we hope to pursue This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 6 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 growth as we move forward.
Jinesh K. Gandhi: Okay.
I mean, one of the largest player has talked about going towards demand for model.
Gopal Mahadevan: I hope that the industry will, given the fact that this is an unique industry, where it is actually, there's so much of demand which would actually be a seller's market, so to speak, but we've seen that there has been deals we're getting one based on price, which was absolutely not necessary.
Finally, Jinesh, as you know, and to all the other investors also who have joined on the call, what we do at Ashok Leyland is we monitor the net-price realization.
It is not growth or profitability; it is growth and profitability.
Jinesh K. Gandhi: Okay.
That's good to know.
Secondly, can you talk about transition towards BS6 Phase-2?
How do we plan to transit for that and the kind of price increase we would need to take to pass on the cost?
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 7 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 The actual kind of numbers on the cost increase, we'll have to wait and watch, like I mentioned, Jinesh, each of the industry players have got different technologies.
Jinesh K. Gandhi: Got it.
And then last question is on the tax rate.
And do we plan to move to new tax regime in FY '24?
Or we'll continue with the old tax regime?
Gopal Mahadevan: We'll have to study the finer points and details and then take a call.
But we'll have more to share as our guys, our tax Pandits in the company are going through the finer details.
But at this moment, we are not able to share anything else.
Moderator: We have the next question on the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura.
My first question is on demand.
If you could share your outlook for 2024.
And also, for the OBD2 norms, is the last date 31st March for production?
Or this is the last date for registration?
And do you expect any element of prebuy?
Gopal Mahadevan: Okay.
Dheeraj, do you want to take that one on demand or... Dheeraj Hinduja: Sure.
In terms of quantifying it, I would say that depending on finally how the GDP growth rates move, our industry is very closely correlated with that.
Yes, Gopal, go ahead.
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 8 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 Gopal Mahadevan: Yes.
So, Kapil, on OBD2, we'll have more to share possibly at closer to the end of the quarter, as I mentioned, to Jinesh also because we need to get some clarity overall.
Kapil R. Singh: Yes, I know the question was also because we all know prices will go up.
We don't know to what extent, but normally, that leads to a prebuy.
So that's where the question was coming from.
Gopal Mahadevan: Yes.
So, it's a good question.
I mean, the only point is, while it is easy to say that yes, because there will be a pre-buy.
I don't think that that will be a huge driver in terms of a change.
There's a huge amount of infra spend.
Kapil R. Singh: And sir, second question is on margins.
I just wanted to understand how you think about the evolution of margins from here.
So, you can probably throw light upon 3 areas.
Second is on pricing.
So, are most of the costs related to say, travel or AMC and all are already there?
Or do you expect R&D or other things that are already there in the numbers now?
So just how you think about these 3 buckets of costs as we head into next year?
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 9 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 Gopal Mahadevan: I'll possibly give a general view and then possibly request Chairman or Shenu to add.
We have been doing it over the past several years, of course.
But what we're now trying to do is slightly larger, and this has been kind of disseminated to the operating teams itself.
So, there is a separate team that's looking at manufacturing planning and manufacturing costs.
For instance, there's a separate team on Value engineering and product cost.
The third one that is there is on sales realization itself.
We are doing a detailed heat mapping of what's happening in the market, what are the realizations across the various markets, how can you keep tweaking the mix and the distribution to look at improving the net-price realization.
I talked about realization.
I've talked about distribution costs.
I talked about margins.
There are teams on overheads.
So, there's a lot of substitution of effort that is happening.
Finally, we are also looking at productivity of people, and there's a lot of engagement that is happening at the ground level.
There's a huge effort in ensuring that the whole team is working towards one goal, and not giving any forward-looking statements, but our plan is to do three or four things.
So, this is going to be, for us, very important, and we would want to ensure that we are also introducing very relevant and differentiated products as we move forward.
These may not be very large offerings.
But one thing that has happened to us has been that the AVTR range and This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 10 of 23
Moderator: We have the next question from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS.
Dheeraj, my first question is on the demand side.
If you can just help us understand what is the split of demand for the first 9 months for you in terms of broader end-user applications where these trucks are going and categories which are kind of performing better or categories which can still come back in a good like tipper and other categories, which we haven't spoken about?
If you can just give us some more color about the demand viz., end-user demand?
Gopal Mahadevan: See as I said earlier, it's quite a bit of detail.
These are the more profitable segments.
The second one that is happening is the demand is also going for the larger tonnage.
So that is why we are seeing that the vehicles that are getting sold are the 40 tons and 49 tons.
So that drives.
ICVs are important for us as a company as well and as a segment as well.
But obviously, the ICV segment is lesser contributing than the heavy commercial vehicles.
Real estate is very important where the transportation is very crucial.
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 11 of 23
I think there has been a lot of change in demand pattern, especially after COVID.
There is also optimization of logistics that is being looked at.
It's about getting things on time, point to point.
So, we see a whole host of opportunities coming in.
Pramod Kumar: Fair enough.
Dheeraj Hinduja: And just one point to add to that.
Equally, on the passenger side, as you will see, there is growth coming in, in all areas, right, from staff transportation to schools.
Gopal Mahadevan: Chairman, I had missed on the passenger side completely.
Pramod Kumar: Yes.
And just a follow-up on that.
Page 12 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 replacement cycle or whatever contractual or regulatory new purchase of new trucks.
How are you looking at utilization level, let's say, of different categories?
And haulage is something which I think you did not mention in a positive light.
So, is that category still not doing that great?
Gopal Mahadevan: No.
I mentioned haulage also.
But the pull from the larger trucks, especially in tippers, haulage and I had mentioned tractor trailer ie., all the three.
And given the forecast of the GDP, which we have recently got not only for the current year, for the next year as well, we don't see any logical reason why the demand for trucks should come up because there is nothing unusual that has happened.
Intercity transport is going to become crucial, and also STUs would want to place orders.
And now again, as Chairman had mentioned, we are not only going to see demand possibly in internal combustion, but also in EV.
That is why for us, Switch is very, very important.
Switch is not a portfolio.
It is for ensuring that Ashok Leyland is future ready.
The third bit is if the economy is going to grow and they're going to see growth happening in all the major sectors, including the sectors that impacted, there is no reason for us not to plan for growth because it's not just about hoping for growth, this is a very complex industry.
We need to plan for it also.
Moderator: We have the next question from the line of Raghunandhan from Emkay Global.
Page 13 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 expansion.
New products have been supporting factors.
Can you share your thoughts on how you see the sustenance of market share ahead?
Gopal Mahadevan: Dheeraj, do you want to take it?
Dheeraj Hinduja: Yes, sure.
Raghunandhan: Got it.
Good luck with that.
And specifically coming to Q3 revenue performance, can you also indicate how was the performance in the non-vehicle side of business?
So, these are very important business for us.
It's got nothing to do with the business, but I think what we're waiting for the government orders to happen, especially on the kit side.
So, we'll have more to share with you at the later about, I mean, later part of this year.
But we're waiting for the international markets to open up because there is a lot of uncertainty in the international waters currently.
But having said that, the international team has also kind This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 14 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 of chalked out its plan clearly.
There are teams now specifically looking at project orders, and there are teams which are looking at retail distribution.
So, in countries like Africa, while it's a little too early to share those developments, what we have been looking at is how do we get the network in place, how do we get the financing in place, which is going to be important not only for the dealer, but for the end customer as well.
Raghunandhan: Just lastly, can you indicate what is the kind of investments you expect for '23 and '24?
Gopal Mahadevan: We are having our budget season now.
So, it's a little too early to share what next year's capex will be.
All that I can give you as an indicator is on the regular capex, we do not see any major chunk of investments.
Every year, we give a forecast that we would do about Rs 750 crores, including capex plus investments.
So, we'll come back to you for the fourth quarter earnings call.
That will be more appropriate.
Moderator: We have the next question from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America.
Gunjan Prithyani: Most of my questions have been answered.
I have very few, very quick follow-ups.
Gopal Mahadevan: We do have the numbers per se because we do slice and dice it internally.
I'm giving some broad numbers.
These are not absolute on the dot.
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 15 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 And finally, of course, we have also seen, since you're talking about contribution of our material costs, so I will not talk about operating leverage.
But the third bit that has happened has been the mix of the products, which I have mentioned.
Gunjan Prithyani: Okay.
And this commodity tailwind will still sustain going into quarter 4 is what I'm just trying to understand?
So, it's very difficult.
It's a conjecture at this moment in time, whether the reduction has happened in Q3.
Will we see the same amount of reduction happening in Q4 further?
We don't know.
Gunjan Prithyani: Okay.
Got it.
The other one was, and I may be wrong on this Leyland Finance.
I mean I do see some preference allotment there.
I mean, is that something which AL has also participated?
Some color on incremental investments have gone into the Finance business.
Gopal Mahadevan: No.
Actually, just to kind of give a brief update on Leyland Finance.
They had a qualified institutional placement (QIP) happening for about Rs 910 crores, which was announced.
So, they are adequate on capital.
They are adequately funded.
I also wanted to share that they have also announced that there will be a merger with NXT Digital, which is a court -approved process and that is also underway.
So with the regulatory approvals and all the necessary shareholder approvals, they'll come through, then the outcome would be that Hinduja Leyland Finance will become a listed company.
Gunjan Prithyani: Got it.
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 16 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 Gopal Mahadevan: Okay.
We are also waiting for the detail of the budget notification to come in.
But what the government has said is that all vehicles, above 15 years would be scrapped and there's a lot of focus mentioned.
We can't have a situation that's BS II, BS III, BS IV, BS VI all plying together when the government is also committed on the environment side.
So, like our Chairman mentioned, we see two opportunities.
One, we could see that because of this scrappage, there will be some addition to the replacement cycle.
Dheeraj Hinduja: No, I think, Gopal, you've covered it.
We need to see the finer details.
And I think since a while the government has been talking about this scrappage policy.
Moderator: We have the next question from the line of Hitesh from CLSA.
Hitesh Goel: Most of my questions are answered.
Just wanted to touch base more on the scrappage policy.
Do you guys are also setting up scrappage centers or you're looking at doing that in anticipation of this policy?
Because I think like you said, there's a lot of focus from the government on this.
And maybe post elections, we could see something on this front.
So have the government started talking to industry on scrappage center?
Gopal Mahadevan: Chairman, would you want to take that?
Dheeraj Hinduja: Sure.
We have, of course, been considering this since a while.
We've explored the contours of what this would involve, but we have not gone into any capex mode at this point of time, just waiting for the final details to be announced.
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 17 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 And then once you learn exactly what this would entail, we would be able to fine-tune our investments accordingly.
Hitesh Goel: So, I just wanted to ask a second question.
So why has that happened?
So, truck utilization should not have come off.
So, can you shed some more light on this?
Gopal Mahadevan: I think what we mentioned was more an overall overarching kind of view of what is happening in the industry.
That is certainly not a trend.
Chairman, would you want to add something?
Dheeraj Hinduja: No, I think you're right.
Moderator: We have the next question from the line Chirag Shah from Nuvama.
Chirag Shah: Two questions.
First question is on market share.
If you can elaborate this a bit.
Gopal Mahadevan: Well, Chirag -- Go ahead, yes.
Please go ahead.
Chirag Shah: This is helpful.
Sir, second question was on the nature of demand again.
I'm getting some conflicting reports that indicate that small truck operators are still not coming to buy, we are This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 18 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 still trying to use the replaced vehicle and older vehicle and the demand is coming largely from medium and large fleet operators.
Is this information correct?
Or you are already seeing some interest coming from small truck operators also?
Dheeraj Hinduja: I think if I'm not wrong, demand from larger truck operators comprise anywhere between 60% to 70% of the overall industry volume.
And what we're also seeing is that the smaller operators in some way are getting tied up with the fleets as well.
And we are seeing a lot of purchases from the first-time users as well.
Of course, from a content perspective, led by in 50s or hundreds of units.
But I would say that we actually see the demand coming from all segments.
It's not only restricted to the fleet operator.
Chirag Shah: Yes.
So, is it a large part of the benefit has come through and then how one would play out will depend upon how the prices behave from here on?
Is it the right way to understand on the commodity assets?
Gopal Mahadevan: You are asking a tough question and asking us to peer into the crystal ball.
We'll have to really wait and watch how the commodity plays out, right?
So, at the moment, all we can see is visibility to fourth quarter.
But these are all imponderables at this moment.
So, at the moment, it looks like it is at the third quarter levels.
The 1st of April, I mean, in Q1 of next year, we'll have to really wait and watch to see what happens in the global commodity markets.
Because it's not just about Indian commodity, right?
It is a lot of things is going to depend on the global demand-supply condition also.
So, we'll cross the bridge when it comes then.
Chirag Shah: And we are a kind of a quarter lag, right, for the impact to flow through for us?
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 19 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 Gopal Mahadevan: Yes, in a way, yes, because of 2 reasons.
That is inventory as well, right?
So, there is FG inventory, that is RM and WIP, which is there, then so when that needs to get used in.
And then typically, the industry also doesn't settle on a month-on-month.
You know the steel industry; these are done on a quarterly basis.
So, we have to actively engage with them to settle these prices.
Moderator: We have the next question from the line of Arvind Sharma from Citi.
Arvind Sharma: Just 1 question on the net debt.
Gopal Mahadevan: Yes.
Our net debt now is about Rs 2,043 crores, and in Q3 of FY '22 it was Rs 2,697.
I think the number was almost the same, Rs 2,677 in Q2 of FY '23 also.
The capex is roughly about Rs 346 crores.
I mean I don't know whether you have a specific question on that.
Arvind Sharma: No, sir.
And would you have any -- since you have some idea about the capex in the fourth quarter, any idea about where we could end up fiscal '23 at?
Gopal Mahadevan: So, you see, as I mentioned, I stand corrected on this, it's not Rs 343 crores but Rs 321 crores So, the capex was Rs 321 crores.
We had at the beginning of the year, said that it will be around Rs 750 crores, maybe we'll end up with Rs 600 crores.
All I can tell you at this moment is we have 2 months more left.
So all I can tell you is it's not a material amount of capex that we have today in the current half.
Moderator: We have the next question from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal.
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 20 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 Jinesh K. Gandhi: My question pertains to the capex itself.
Gopal Mahadevan: Chairman, would you want to take that?
Dheeraj Hinduja: I would.
Yes, sure.
So based on the current volume that we are foreseeing, I think we should be able to manage with the capacity that's on ground.
We do not want to get into creating more overhead at this point of time.
So moving to whether it's CNG, hydrogen, LNG and I think that's the benefit of the AVTR platform.
That was the high Capex that we went through.
There are certain product categories that we are not currently present in, and we would be looking into setting up any gap that we have in the portfolio.
Chirag Shah: Okay.
And just to clarify, the investment on the electric vehicle products, particularly on the LCV side, will be done through Ashok Leyland and not through Switch, is that correct?
Dheeraj Hinduja: No, like all the products coming out of Switch, the capex will be borne by Switch directly.
And so, of course, there is an agreement between Ashok Leyland and Switch based on which these products would be utilized, but all the capex required for the electrification would be borne by Switch directly.
Jinesh Gandhi: So, in the Bada Dost EV product investment could be at Switch level, not at Leyland level.
Dheeraj Hinduja: That’s right.
Moderator: We have the next question from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark.
Mukesh Saraf: Just one question from my side on the fleet operators.
So, This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 21 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 the question here is what does this mean for us?
And do we see the product mix probably shift towards larger trucks or mainly fully loaded trucks?
So how does this clear out for us?
Gopal Mahadevan: I think from a product segment perspective, irrespective of the buyers, whether it's first-time users or whether it's fleet operator, what we see is that there is a clear segmentation on the delivery models that people require.
So right from an LCV, ICV is still remaining the larger segment of the market.
So, looking at the fleet tonnage between 9 to 18 tons, still is a very large segment.
what was the second part of your question?
Mukesh Saraf: So, it is basically when you deal with, say, larger operators, would it also mean that you don't get that much of a pricing power with them?
And the competitiveness of other OEMs as well, how they are pricing.
Moderator: That was the last question.
I would now like to hand it over to the management for closing comments.
Dheeraj Hinduja: Thank you and thank you for your interest in Ashok Leyland.
Gopal, would you like to add anything further?
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 22 of 23
Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 Gopal Mahadevan: No, I think you have wrapped it up, Chairman.
Thank you very much.
Dheeraj Hinduja: Thank you.
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Page 23 of 23
