We had very good growth for a seasonally weak quarter.
Our US dollar revenue crossed the 7 billion mark in Q3 and revenues grew 19.1% in rupee terms, 13.5% in constant currency terms, and 8.4% in dollar terms.
Our operating margin for the quarter was 24.5%, an expansion of 0.5% sequentially.
I'm very happy to share that the board has announced a dividend of `75 per share, including a special dividend of `67 per share.
In the third quarter of FY'23 our revenues grew 13.5% year-on-year on a constant currency basis.
Reported revenue in INR was `582.29 billion, an year-on-year growth of 19.1%.
In dollar terms, our revenue was $7.075 billion, an year-on-year growth of 8.4%.
Moving to the operating margin, we had 70 basis points benefit from the currency movement.
Operational rigor including utilization, reduced use of subcontractors, resulted in a net benefit of 0.3% or 30 basis points, offset by 50 basis points headwind from higher third-party expenses and increasing cost of return to normalcy.
Overall, our operating margin expanded 50 basis points sequentially to 24.5%.
Our accounts receivable was at 66 days’ sales outstanding orDSO in dollar terms, up four days sequentially.
Our biggest strength has been nearly 125,000 TCS at middle and senior levels, who have been with the company for over 10 years on average.
They have been central to our ability to culturally and operationally integrate all the fresh talent we brought onboard and ensuring that the project outcomes and customer experiences continue to be the best-in-class.
Last year, our net hiring was significantly ahead of our revenue growth.
Our focus this year has been on utilizing all that excess capacity and making our newest employees productive.
On the learning front, TCSers clocked 11.4 million learning hours in Q3, resulting in an acquisition of 1.3 million competencies.
Growth was led by Retail and CPG which grew 18.7%, led by strong demand in the Travel and Hospitality segment while retailers had production freezes during the holiday season.
Life Sciences and Healthcare grew 14.4%.
Technology and Services grew 13.6%.
Communications and Media grew by 13.5%.
Manufacturing grew by 12.5% while BFS, our largest vertical grew by 11.1%.
Among major markets, North America as well as UK grew 15.4%, while Continental Europe grew by 9.7%.
Moving on to emerging markets, Latin America grew by 14.6%, India by 9.1%, Asia Pacific by 9.5%, and Middle East and Africa by 8.6%.
Moving on, our industry-leading portfolio of products and platforms continue to perform well.
The business health monitoring solution for ignio is gaining traction with customers and went live in over 2,000 stores for a major American auto retailer in Q3.
Enterprises are increasing their investment in AI ops, and automation technologies to improve employee productivity and resilience.
TCS BaNCS™, our flagship product suite for the financial services domain had six new wins and seven go lives during the quarter.
We continue to gain share in the market infrastructure institution segment with a new win in Q3.
Tata Consultancy Services Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call January 9, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (08:30 hrs US ET) One of the largest asset managers in the USA with over US$7 trillion in global assets, migrated its personnel advisory services and digital advice offerings to the cloud-based TCS BaNCS to its management platform, enhancing their advisor experiences, improving accuracy and low latency responses for performance configuration analytics for millions of customer portfolio of record numbers.
Our Quartz blockchain platform have two new wins and one go live in Q3.
A Swiss multinational pharma major has increased their adoption of Quartz further, building on the successful initial pilots we executed using blockchain, smart contracts and digital payments.
Quartz smart solution for contract performance monitoring and Quartz Gateway are going to be used to eliminate inefficiency in cross-functional manual processes entailing procurement, finance and treasury.
With this, TCS ADD has successfully completed automated processing of half a million adverse event cases.
TCS iON had seven wins in the quarter ending December.
We reached a new industry partnership milestone in Q3, engaging with 1,580 corporates that leverage the TCS National Qualifier Test as their entry level recruitment platform.
Lastly, MasterCraft™ and Jile™ had won 10 new clients in Q3 and 21 renewals.
In Q3, we added one more client year-on-year in the $100 million plus band, bringing the total to 59; 12 more clients in the $50 million plus band, bringing the total to 130; 35 more clients in the $20 million plus band, bringing the total to 290; 30 more clients in the $10 million plus band bringing the total to 456; 39 more clients in the $5 million plus band, bringing the total to 658 and 42 more clients in the $1 million plus band bringing the total to 1,217.
As mentioned by NGS, the seasonality led to some moderation in growth in verticals like BFSI, Retail and Technology and Services and across all our key markets.
While the seasonal aspect should reverse in the next quarter, the macroeconomic uncertainties are likely to result in a more balanced year in 2023 after two years of strong growth.
For now we see a client caution translating into greater focus on cost optimization.
We're seeing an increase in the number of large operating model transformation engagement.
In the first three quarters of FY'23, we won 20 such deals versus 16 in the prior year same period.
Our innovative approach to redesigning the operations and embedding AI and intelligent automation into individual processes using TCS Cognix™ has been delivering superior outcomes for our clients and differentiated positioning for TCS.
We are also seeing an uptick in vendor consolidation.
Our scale, full services capability and track record of delivering outsized savings through operating model transformation is helping us win such deals.
We have won quite a few such deals across BFSI healthcare, manufacturing and telecom and we see many more in the pipeline.
Here is a good illustration: The BT Group, UK's leading provider of fixed and mobile telecommunication, announced a new partnership with TCS for its digital unit to boost its modernization plans.
TCS will manage and ramp down over 70% of digital legacy technology estate, and boost capacity to accelerate the build of its new strategic technology architecture, supporting the group's growth.
Tata Consultancy Services Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call January 9, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (08:30 hrs US ET) Coming to cloud transformation, it continues to be a strong area of growth.
As I had mentioned in the last quarter, clients are much more focused on execution of their cloud journeys and the increased intensity is translating into an expanded opportunity for us.
Our strategic industry-specific solution fabrics built on market leading hyper scalar platforms accelerate enterprise digital transformation and drive exponential business value through industry innovation.
We won several new cloud transformation deals in Q3.
TCS' decade-long transformative partnership will help deliver cloud-native resilient and futuristic operations that will fuel Boston Scientific's global business growth and its mission of transforming lives through innovative medical solutions.
TCS expanded its partnership with the UK headquartered international savings and investment firm to help them transform into a cloud-only organization by 2025, through a series of technology and business transformation initiatives.
Leveraging its deep contextual knowledge of the client's IT and business landscape, TCS will help modernize and transform their application estate using cloud-native architecture, and seamlessly migrate them to a public cloud using TCS Cloud Counsel and TCS Migration Factory.
This will also simplify the legacy infrastructure estate and facilitate their exit from on-premise data centers.
The marketing metaanalytics we deploy will enable greater personalization and tailored recommendations on their portal.
I'll come to those in a bit, but before that, I also wanted to share some examples of how technology-led innovation at the back-end can also result in revenue growth and improved customer satisfaction.
Predictive analytics, machine learning and AI are fueling such innovation.
PostNord, a European communications and logistics solution provider has partnered with TCS to achieve their `Win in Parcels’ key strategic priority and to be the market leader.
This has helped improve the revenue yield per truck, reducing the number of trips and associated costs, and even the carbon footprint.
The solution triages complaints and automatically separates out productrelated complaints from drug-related adverse events, resulting in faster processing of complaints, timely feedback to patients and to internal design and production teams for remediation.
This has helped improve product quality, enhance patient experience and contributed to improved sales of such combination products.
Toyota Material Handling in North America engaged TCS to transform its field service teams’ ability to diagnose and repair.
TCS’ solution enables guided troubleshooting, self-service and cognitive search of technical product support content using AI/ML and NLP, which helps reduce downtime associated with unplanned maintenance by 10% to 15%.
The transformation has improved first time right fix, reduced dealer overheads and resulted in service stickiness, : Page 8 of 23
Tata Consultancy Services Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call January 9, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (08:30 hrs US ET) leading to increased service part sales for dealers and to Toyota Material Handling.
TCS established a digital core for the new business, designed lean business processes and successfully rolled out the pilot in seven countries.
This is expected to be the foundation for a 10x growth in sales from expansion into new markets and channels, with 20 million highly engaged customers.
TCS did an end-to-end mapping of the products and processes of the acquired bank and carried out a parity uplift to ensure consistent experience for incoming acquired bank customers.
With the successful integration, the acquirer bank expanded into a large complementary contiguous market in the US, doubling its branch footprint and onboarded over 1.5 million new customers and inherited a strong commercial business with a high-quality loan portfolio.
It will set up a transformation management office to enable faster realization of synergies, and serve as the foundation for future M&A.
The new business model helped deliver truly personalized and unique customer experiences to end-customers.
It recently crossed 5 million customer connection and witnessed high NPS score and customer satisfaction ratings.
TCS helped a leading US money transfer service provider transform its technology estate into modern cloud-powered platform, enabling it to launch new products faster, expand into new markets and strengthen its customer relationships.
The new platform has also helped the client successfully integrate with cross-industry ecosystem partners to offer millions of customers greater ease, reliability and access to money movement, and payment service capabilities.
Overall, the transformation has resulted in increased customer loyalty, reduced customer journey barriers and created new revenue streams.
Our domain expertise and track record in executing successful transformations is firmly establishing us as the preferred G&T partner in the sector.
With over 650 participating customer energy assets till date, the platform has demonstrated the safety and reliability of aggregated DERs and helped the client model the complexity of bi-directional energy flows.
This will open doors for Western Power to participate in the futuristic energy market and build new revenue streams while safely operating within the technical limits of the distribution grid.
In Q3, we won a deal that will transform the railways sector in the UK.
Tata Consultancy Services Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call January 9, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (08:30 hrs US ET) This will optimize the sharing of data and real-time information to passengers and operational bodies, improving transparency and enable a UK-wide railway innovation ecosystem.
Assuming the headcount stay steady in 4Q, you will be exiting the year with a headcount growth of about 4% YoY.
My question was, is that an indication of growth visibility that you have today and hence the rationalization or you are confident of driving similar or higher productivity gains, and hence revenue growth could be significantly higher than that?
Rajesh Gopinathan: I think the best way to think about it is that on a year-on-year basis, our net headcount is higher.
So, we have significantly invested in building up capacity from 2021, tried as much as possible to bypass the industry's hire-from-eachother attrition cycle, and focus on hiring at entry level, and invested in training and cross training our resources.
That investment has hit our productive capacity and stood us in good stead.
Overall, we are very comfortable with where we are with our net headcount.
We hired significantly ahead of revenue growth in '21 and balanced it with a more prudent hiring in calendar '22.
Going forward, we should be back to a more normal kind of hiring trend.
While specific numbers will keep evolving, we should expect hiring in the range of 125,000 to 150,000 for the year, offset by more normalized attrition levels closer to our long-term averages, which will give us sufficient capacity to take : Page 12 of 23
So, you talked about that cost optimization deals have already started picking up meaningfully.
In the past, during recessions, we have noticed that first, there's a sharp cut to IT budget, before cost optimization deals starts picking up.
But do you think this time the transition from discretionary IT spending to cost optimization deals could be far smoother than what we have seen in earlier recession period?
So, as I said, if we take a market like UK, that is well and truly into much more strategic long term, cost-based restructuring kind of deals.
Our conversations with customers are much more balanced ones where they are equally positive, as well as cautious and we should see a mix of both cost and transformation deals.
This segment has outperformed the company average growth rate and also doing really very well.
So, any color on that would be helpful as to what drove this strong performance in this quarter, do you expect this to sustain in the coming quarters also?
And also, is there some color to it in terms of let's say, US retail maybe doing slightly better than Europe retail, as you just called out that in Europe, the decision making is slow on an overall basis?
Within that, if you look at it, travel and hospitality is enjoying a very strong rebound after a couple of very, very challenging years.
And we are one of the largest, if not the largest, service provider in that industry and we were significantly impacted in the last couple of years and also we are now participating and also winning quite reasonably.
Also, analytics, sustainability, direct-tocustomer, each of these themes are continuing to find a lot of traction and continued investment, and we are participating in all three quite well.
Plus, within retail, grocery as a segment continues to do well.
Going to the last part of your question, US retail sales adjusted for inflation itself, have still come in stronger than last year and last year was a very strong year.
So, overall, from a volume perspective, retail in the US has done well.
Overall, we believe that the industry continues to be very attractive.
I think globally also we are seeing very strong bookings in Greece and Spain and baggage can also come : Page 14 of 23
So, do you expect this momentum to maybe continue in the travel segment in the coming quarters as well?
But if things continue as they are, we expect that the sector will continue to do well.
As more capacity comes on board, they should continue to do very well.
So, we expect a lot more of preparatory investments amongst the more forward-looking customers, and very high profitability during the course of this year will give them that war chest they require to make the investment for increasing the resilience of their network and resilience of their operation in any future potential scenarios.
But so far if we look at your reported revenue growth, some of the forward-looking metrics or even your commentary, the situation for us seem to be reasonably strong, fairly resilient.
Tata Consultancy Services Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call January 9, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (08:30 hrs US ET) The second aspect of it is that compared to let's say even five years ago, the technology landscape has stabilized significantly.
There is the broad agreement by now is that growth for the industry in FY'24 will revert to pre-COVID levels impacted by macro issues and the unwind of COVID pull forward impact, etc., Keeping aside the negativity around the near term, how do you think of the medium term growth prospects for TCS… not asking for a hard guidance, but do you continue to believe that once this near term noise around macro, etc., is in the base and behind us, growth rates can again accelerate back to double digits, which has been our medium term aspiration?
Our stance is quite positive, and as I said, if you take marketby-market, in the US, we definitely think that's the scenario.
In UK, we are participating very well.
In Europe, once the geopolitical situation calms down, we believe that we have the full suite of capabilities to be able to participate.
So, overall, we are quite confident about having the full suite of services to be able to be relevant to customers across a wide spectrum of actual scenarios, and therefore we are quite confident about the medium to long term outlook.
Tata Consultancy Services Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call January 9, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (08:30 hrs US ET) understand, if such deals are also moving faster in terms of decision-making?
And any color if you can give on the competitive intensity for such deals, I mean, is it normal or are you seeing such deals getting more competitively bid now by other vendors?
I would say that in the UK, decision making is quite fast, customers are very clear, and there is a lot of action happening there.
It continues to be doing well, but that does not account for the short-term aspect of that market.
In three months’ time, we should be able to know better.
Rajesh Gopinathan: No, rather than looking at it in absolute terms, on INR terms, we are growing at 15%-plus kind of basis.
So, if you consider that growth, we are still benchmarked to 80% to 100% of net profit or free cash flow kind of a trajectory, not much of difference to that.
But it will be a steady move, neither is it likely to accelerate significantly, neither is it likely to decelerate or fall off.
Do you believe the spend of the IT budgets could be conservative in the first half of the calendar year versus the second half or you expect the spend to be remain normal like any other year, though the budgets may be slightly lower versus the earlier last two years because of the macro slowdown?
I think this third-party pass-through cost increase this time does not relate to the domestic revenue, if I'm not wrong, it relates to the international revenue and will it be a growth headwind in the fourth quarter if it doesn't repeat?
There has been a sequential increase, and typically Q3 has some bit of it coming in.
On a year-on-year basis, we don't see that big jump.
Ravi Menon: So, Regional Markets and Others segment had an acceleration year-on-year growth versus the last quarter despite muted growth in India.
Should we think that this comes from improved traction in the insurance BPaaS area?
Tata Consultancy Services Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call January 9, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (08:30 hrs US ET) So, as you may see, during this quarter, we announced a large deal win with the Chinatrust Banking Corporation, which is really the future core in terms of architecture, in a fashion that is cloud-native, and it is truly providing open banking APIs and so on so on.
Such opportunities are opening up.
So, these are the opportunities that are coming out of it, and there are a decent number of opportunities in the pipeline that we see in banking as well as capital markets.
Ravi Menon: SG&A, travel costs have increased sharply.
So, should we think of travel as a continued headwind or you think we'll stabilize at this level?
Is there any possibility because of that there was probably a little bit of budget flush in 4Q which could have supported the growth?
Abhishek Kumar: Another related question to this is given this little bit of indecision in US, do you think the cost takeout projects in US probably would be low compared to other geographies, at the same time spending on discretionary would be cautious and that would probably keep the budgets little low?
So, that the pipeline growth and the qualified pipeline growth is ahead of the actual TCV growth that we're seeing…in fact, we have seen a sequential decline in TCV while our qualified pipeline still continues to grow in absolute terms.
Gaurav Rateria: Secondly, on the margins, as headwinds on attrition subside, would our immediate priority be to take margins back to our aspirational band of 26%, 28% or would we prefer to prioritize some investments, keeping margin stable after recovering it to 25%?
Ashwin Mehta: Rajesh, we've seen pretty strong growth in regional market and others over the last two quarters; it's of the order of almost 6% sequentially.
From a nature perspective it's come both from the market side – India has done very well, in fact, APAC ex-Australia also have done well.
So, markets have done well, as also the product side of the business that NGS spoke about on the FS and platform side also has done well.
Ashwin Mehta: Second question was you mentioned in the press conference as well that manufacturing has been more resilient compared to your expectations.
So, any trends that we can take from manufacturing given the fact that if we look at client financials, manufacturing growth over the next two years is expected to be actually better than what it was before?
Despite the fact that we have been favorable situation on the vendor consolidation exercise.
We are pleased with our performance in a seasonally weak December quarter, growing at 19.1% in INR terms and 13.5% in constant currency.
Our order book was good, but softer than in the prior quarters, reflecting the cautious stance that many of our clients have taken.
Our operating margin expanded sequentially to 24.5% and our net margin was at 18.6%.
