We have had a strong quarter in Q2.
Our growth was 2.3% quarter-on-quarter and 2.5% year-onyear in constant currency.
We see that with our large deal wins in the past two quarters, we are winning market share in the area of cost, efficiency, automation and AI.
This is a testament to our strong position as partner of choice for clients.
With a clear focus on client relevance, as the economic environment changed, we rapidly pivoted from delivering transformation projects to also delivering productivity benefits and cost savings at scale.
These large and mega deal wins help us to build a strong foundation for our future.
The adoption of Topaz, our Generative AI capability set is helping us deliver more value and to increase market share.
We continue to make investments in Generative AI as we look to help our clients navigate the way forward with deep capability.
We are thrilled to be recognized on Kantar's list of most valuable global brands at number 64.
With the continued reduction in digital transformation programs and discretionary spend and the ramp-up of our large and mega deals towards the end of our financial year, we are changing our growth guidance for this financial year to be growth of 1% to 2.5% in constant currency.
Q2 revenue growth was 2.5% year-on-year in constant currency.
Sequentially, revenues grew by 2.3% in constant currency and 2.2% in dollar terms.
While we saw continued softness in underlying volumes, revenue for the quarter was supported by stronger growth in the balanced portfolio and improved realizations from one-timers.
H1 revenue growth was 3.3% in constant currency terms and operating margins were at 21%, which is the midpoint of our guidance range.
Consequently, our H1 large deal TCV is at $10 bn, which has already exceeded the total large deal signing for FY '23.
This program has been well received across the organization, and we have been able to identify several new opportunities across the pillars.
We have also seen some early benefits in some areas like utilization and optimization of overheads.
We remain confident that this program will create a more meaningful impact on operating margins in the future.
Operating margins for Q2 were 21.2%, an increase of 40 bps sequentially, bringing H1 margins to 21%.
Increase in operating margin sequentially was due to 0.5% from cost optimization benefits, comprising of higher utilization, pricing, etc., 0.3% from revenue one-timers, 0.1% from rupee depreciation, offset by 0.5% increase due to third-party cost, salary related and other items.
Client metrics remained strong with a number of $50 mn clients increasing to 80 and $100 mn clients at 39, reflecting our strong ability to mine top clients by providing them multiple relevant services.
Our focus on improving operating efficiencies has resulted in an improvement of utilization, excluding trainees, from 81.1% to 81.8%, which we believe has further room for optimization.
LTM attrition for Q2 reduced further to 14.6%, while quarterly annualized attrition was flat sequentially.
Free cash flow for the quarter was robust at $670 mn and the conversion to net profit for Q2 was robust at 89%.
The Board announced an interim dividend of INR18, an increase of 9.1% when compared to last year.
EPS grew by 1.7% in dollar terms and 4.6% in rupee terms on a year-on-year basis.
ROE was 30.9% an improvement of over 8% under the current capital allocation policy started in FY '20.
We had an excellent outcome in our large deal wins, thanks to our strong client relationships and the relevance of our service offerings.
We signed 21 large deals in Q2, including four mega deals.
As mentioned, the total large deal TCV was $7.7 bn with a strong 48% net new.
Q2 growth was impacted by spend reduction in some large clients, which was partially offset by ramp-ups of large deal wins in areas like cost optimization and vendor consolidation.
We remain cautiously optimistic about medium-term outlook due to the movement to cloud led by increased need for real-time insights and analytics.
Our strong large deal signings and pipeline will help support growth in medium term.
The recent deal with Liberty Global restates our positioning as a leader in partnering with clients to provide significant savings, as well as innovative ways to transform their landscape.
European Utility players are continuing to make investments on legacy modernization.
While the external environment continues to be volatile, manufacturing sector continued to show double-digit growth year-on-year in Q2.
Our capabilities in areas like digital transformation, cloud ERP, supply chain, smart factory, etc., are resonating well with clients resulting in benefits with vendor consolidation in turn leading to stronger deal signings.
While pressure on discretionary spend continue, there are opportunities in areas like infra transformation, cost consolidation, etc., which is resulting into a stronger pipeline.
Interest on Gen AI is growing and clients are evaluating our Topaz offerings to modernize enterprise and refactor, reengineer and deploy code.
While we had a very strong sequential growth in Q2, the underlying softness in volume and discretionary spends continue.
We have revised our revenue growth guidance for FY '24 to 1% to 2.5% in constant currency terms.
Our deal signing and strong pipelines lays the foundation for External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 6
acceleration and growth beyond FY '24.
So like I said, we had a good quarter 2.
And as I explained in my margin walk, we nearly had a 50 basis points improvement from our project Maximus on cost optimization.
So these will go and help us and, of course, offset the wage hikes, etc.
So we have a good program over the next 18 months to see where we end up.
And of course, our aspirations continue to be that to improve margins from where we are presently.
And the other question related to the deals is that normally, you expect the direction of revenue growth and deal wins to synchronize, whereas actually, they are moving in the opposite direction.
With the $7.7 bn mega/large deal wins, you would have expected a happier picture on growth outlook, whereas things seem to have changed there.
And like I said, this will set us up well for FY '25 fundamentally.
I mean, is it significantly lighter, or does it stay remarkably strong?
Nilanjan Roy It is a strong pipeline, with $7.7 bn this quarter, I think it cannot be higher than the previous quarter, but it is a very strong pipeline.
I think the past experience of mega deals and the transition of that into profitability has not been very encouraging.
But if I look at your comments and Salil's comments, all of you have highlighted that your profitability aspiration is to improve your profit, you want to improve your profitability.
And from a portfolio perspective, as you look in the deal tenures, we have our experience to say how we can improve the margin of the deal from day one versus, say, in year five.
At the same time, with our cost optimization programs, make these deals approach portfolio margins.
Moshe Katri Hey, thanks and congrats on very strong TCV bookings for the quarter.
So, if we are trying to kind of figure out the conversion pace of some of those large deals that I mean, I guess at this point, it seems that we have not seen a lot of that conversion happen, but when do we start seeing that reflected in better top line growth?
Is the March quarter next year is the quarter or we could actually see better top line growth because of those conversions?
So actually, we are giving money back in a way to the organization which is why in a way we are winning these deals.
As you pointed out, over the next few weeks, we will get a better sense if that is changing, either improving or not for the following year.
And then we have, on the other hand, with the large and mega deals, some of those starting off, that giving us a benefit on the revenue side.
So we were fortunate, we delivered a very strong quarter, but as we look out, we can see the pressures with the clients.
The first question is Nilanjan, in your opening remarks, you mentioned that the mega deal wins and the robust order book signing will help us to accelerate the growth beyond FY '24.
So is it fair to say, most of the deal wins of this year will have a solid support in terms of the growth pick-up in FY '25?
As yesterday, I think, your peer had mentioned that they do not think discretionary spends recover even in 2024.
And in the context of this, well, we have seen very strong deal wins this time around.
On the pipeline or deal activity, as Nilanjan was sharing, we see a good pipeline.
But it is still a good pipeline for us.
There is a good interest in consolidation, which is where some of those deals have come in.
And we continue to gain market share in that.
So, we feel good about it.
So, I just want to understand that we have been winning good deals all along, especially in this quarter, and as you mentioned that some of the deals are taking time, so, what has changed from the time that we gave the first guidance to this time, in terms of the projects that we have already there in existence.
Sure, great.
Nilanjan, just one question in terms of the third-party bought-out items that seems to have added almost ~$75 mn this quarter.
We have a good pipeline.
What we see is, the deals that we have closed have come off, but there is a huge appetite with clients for cost and efficiency.
Is it fair to say that the full benefit would accrue to the company in fiscal '25 and it just started to kind of trickle into the numbers in recent quarter, but the full benefit will accrue in FY '25?
Sometimes you will see a faster benefit like utilization, for instance, there is clearly something which is here and now.
Or is the like-for-like pricing remain fairly steady even in this weak macro backdrop?
I think largely, it has been stable.
But I think, overall, even if I look back, it has been in terms of the annual renewals etc., I think pricing has been more stable over the last year or two years as a general trend, I would think, in the industry.
But overall, I do not see a deteriorating pricing environment.
Just one question on large deals, which have been extraordinary, almost 2x, 3x of your past run rate.
So, is it possible, since this year, everyone is cautious, they are just clubbing a lot of smaller projects and awarding in larger deals, which means next year we will effectively have two years of catch-up on discretionary spend?
These large programs are many times a combination of cost or efficiency automation program, and sometimes there are programs, which take all of that, let us say, the saving that the client is likely to accrue and from that fund some transformation programs.
And that is why we feel, that in that space, this cost efficiency space which is really more active today , we seem to be gaining market share and that those with the way they are being set up and what we see, give us a good foundation for our future.
Salil, in fact, just on your comments that you just made, I just wanted to get a sense of the market share gains that you have been talking about currently because of these large deal wins.
Could you give us a sense of how these market share gains have been versus the past?
And for example, when you have a win as we have had over the last few quarters in consolidation of partners with a client, there is a significant change that changes the market dynamic within that client.
And then we put all of these things together between some of the large programs you run on cost efficiency and then on consolidation, it looks like we seem to be gaining traction.
We have a very good capability set on automation and clients are appreciating that.
So that seems to be the reason, why we believe or we think that it looks like, we are gaining market share in those areas.
Salil Parekh Difficult for us to say on a sort of macro level, but I think generally speaking, the client budgets at least we do not see those increasing at that this stage.
But if you could give us a sense of how ACV growth has been versus let us say, TCV growth?
Just lastly from my side, I just wanted to also get a sense on this third-party items bought out which almost increased $75 mn.
And in a way, the margin walk, I also talked about the one-time having a positive impact and the license sales, etc., having a third-party cost having a downward impact on margins, they are different.
So in my opening remarks, I said that we are continuing to see softness in the underlying volumes and the revenue for the quarter was supported by stronger growth in the balanced portfolio and improved realization from one-timers.
So, in the absence of that, the contribution smaller deals, has that really kind of changed as a proportion of revenue over the last few quarters?
The broad message is that even with the utilization increase today to 81.8%, we still have headroom to improve the utilization further.
And of course, we continue to monitor overall volumes, etc., so there is enough headroom and this is helping us in margins, like I said at the beginning, right?
First, we have had an incredible quarter on large and mega deals really with $7.7 bn, the largest we have seen in the company for a quarter and this gives us a good foundation for the future.
The quarter itself was great in terms of sequential growth and operating margin.
And we continue to invest in Generative AI, where we are making great connects with clients, especially leveraging Topaz.
