We continue to see the overall environment where digital transformation program and discretionary spends are low and decision-making is slow.
Our operating margin guidance for the financial year remains unchanged at 20% to 22%.
Headcount at the end of the quarter stood at 328,000 employees, a decline of 2.2% from the previous quarter.
Our unbilled revenues dropped for the second consecutive quarter and consequently, this has partly led to an increase in DSO by four days sequentially to 67.
Coming to our vertical segment performance, Outlook continues to remain uncertain in financial services sector with slowdown in areas like mortgages, asset management, investment banking, cards and payments.
Growth challenges in communication sector continues, coupled with increasing opex pressures, risk of inflation, high interest rates and supply/demand imbalances are creating near-term uncertainties.
In energy, spending remains cautious due to the economic slowdown with focus on cost takeout and ROI.
Utilities, especially in North America, continue to feel the pressure from high interest rates, resulting in delays in capital-intensive programs.
In the retail segment, budgets continue to remain tight with clients continue to focus on budget consolidation, cost and efficiency.
So I wanted to just start with the growth guidance reduction.
Or if it is more due to incremental volume cuts and other program efficiencies?
There is a way large programs start off, there is delays in starting them.
So that had a bit of slowness.
And we are seeing discretionary spend which is coming down and we saw that continuing on transformation programs being slow, that is also continuing on in this quarter.
We also realize that we have apparent inefficiencies.
Our utilization is still low.
And as Salil said, in the near term, in the quarter, there is, of course, the underlying volume sluggishness.
So, we have not seen any margin erosion because of the large deal strategy, right.
Of course, upfront, they will have margin pressures.
Do you think there is going to be budget delays, which is what happened earlier this year?
There is a lot of constraints with clients, whether it is on transformation programs or discretionary projects, which are significantly reduced or slowed down.
You did talk about that it is under pressure in last quarter also, you had talked about it.
Was it further deteriorating since where we saw last quarter?
And is your guidance implying that there would be further deterioration outside of the seasonality in coming two quarters?
Salil Parekh So, I did not share the volume specifics, I mentioned that there was continued constraints or pressure on that.
What is happening, if you step back a little bit is, there is impact on revenue, which is from slowing or stopping of discretionary work and the transformation programs.
So there we saw the volume constrained from the first part of that in this quarter.
And typically, for us, for Infosys, Q3 and Q4 are softer quarters in any case.
When you look at it going forward, do you think that deal activity per se, could sort of slow down, is there a risk there?
The second question was the underlying assumption on the guidance, if I understand right, is that the revenue accretion from these large deals will be very miniscule this year, and you have headwinds on the discretionary side.
Everybody is calling out that these three verticals have been soft.
As we started the year with a guidance of 4% to 7% for FY '24, and we basically downgraded the guidance, second time this time around.
So, in the last callyou had mentioned that, maybe in the first guidance, there were some assumptions which did not play out, and we had a fair bit of conservative numbers into the 1% to 3.5% guidance which we had given last time.
Any specific pockets of weakness which you have seen deteriorate at a much sharper rate than anticipated?
So do you see this item sustaining or it kind of falls off?
And is this one of the reasons for your weak guidance?
First one is that, does your guidance factor in the current environment remaining similar in the next two quarters, or it further deteriorates from here because it is kind of implying a decline sequentially over the next two quarters?
Salil Parekh I think the way we are looking at the guidance is, typically, Q3 and Q4 are seasonally weaker quarters.
But we have looked at more, what we see seasonally weaker Q3 and Q4 from our historical perspective.
And then my last question is, as you think of Infosys, TCS and Accenture and other IT services organization are experiencing challenges with growth.
Of course, deal-to-deal, yes, it gets competed hard.
However, we called out that one-time revenue bump-up that we got was 30 basis points, which is relatively lesser than what we see here.
It seems to me there is a volume decline, just going by the headcount decline and small increase in utilization.
Or is it that some of the smaller deals, like less than $50 mn, which we do not disclose, the uptick in those deals or kind of inflow of those deals has kind of dried up significantly, which is basically resulting in mega deals needed to sustain the volume growth?
The reason why I am asking is, it seems that without the mega deal or large deals ramping up, there is a sustained pressure on margins.
It is been down 5% over the past three quarters with utilizations that have been flat.
