The global operating environment has continued to be volatile during the quarter amidst inflationary pressures, tightening financial conditions, and COVID overhang.
Among key economies, the US and EU witnessed a QoQ decline in industrial output, while China’s GDP grew at its slowest pace since 1976.
Given this backdrop, global steel prices continued to remain under pressure for most of the quarter and resulted in subdued steel spreads.
However, depressed international prices weighed on sentiment.
Though the volumes were higher by 6% on QoQ basis, the sharp drop in realisations on subdued demand and elevated costs, including energy, have weighed on steel spreads.
Looking ahead, uncertainty persists about supply-demand fundamentals, despite the recent pickup in the EU prices driven by hopes of a milder and shorter downcycle.
Our steel realisations will remain subdued in the fourth quarter, given the lag effect of some of the contracts.
Overall, the profitability was affected by a sharp drop in the realisations and spreads in Europe during the quarter.
Royalty related expense also declined by about 14% QoQ to Rs.
At Tata Steel Europe, the EBITDA loss stood at about £166 million.
As Naren mentioned, deliveries were up 6% QoQ, but there was a sharp drop in realisation with revenue per ton being down by about £159 per ton.
The sharp drop in realisations were in part, due to the higher spot sales and subdued demand given the macro conditions in Europe and high stock of inventories with customers.
Costs were higher by about £31 per ton.
The currency markets have also been very volatile, and there has been sharp movement between USDINR and EURINR to name a few.
The working capital release was due to reduction in inventory value at Tata Steel UK and Tata Steel India on account of low commodity prices or lower inventory levels, but this was partly offset by increase in the slab stocks in Tata Steel Netherlands, as I mentioned earlier.
not able to deleverage in this particular year due to very high volatility in the earnings and working capital.
Looking ahead, the next few quarters are likely to be weaker for TSE as markets continue to be subdued.
Realisations for the fourth quarter are forecast to be weaker and the drop will be higher than the drop expected in the coal and iron ore prices.
Clearly, the earnings are far weaker than that.
But it seems that the profitability is lower than peers as well.
So, when can we see that kind of earnings come through from NINL, because clearly, at this point of time, it is a material drag on consolidated earnings?
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited Basically, in NINL we were EBITDA negative in the last quarter and that changes obviously because one is we are today producing at least 50,000 - 60,000 tons a month and we hope to take it to 80,000 tons a month of steel.
Now while in the prepared remarks you have mentioned that the drop in realisation would be higher than the benefits of coking coal and / or iron ore escalation.
And will we have more EBITDA compression, or will we end up with a number lower than what we have in this quarter on per ton basis.
At that point of time, the coal prices were north of $450/t and iron ore prices were also high, which is why this NRV testing happened, and the write-down of the NRV mark-to-market is what we have taken in this quarter.
And therefore, if that’s the case, then we are also targeting significant stock level reductions, as far as is practical to run the business.
One associated question that the annual contracts that are going to be negotiated maybe from CY23, the expectation is that they would be negotiated at a significantly lower level, given that what we saw in CY22.
would again be at a significantly lower level because at that time Russia/Ukraine war was there.
So, do you expect that contracts, monthly contracts or quarterly contracts will be negotiated lower and therefore, we can have overhang of lower realisation extending right into the first six months, let's say in FY24.
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited So, I think coking coal is obviously not as liquid a market as one would like it to be and hence is very vulnerable to be fluctuations.
But we are not seeing coking coal prices drop much below $250 per ton in the short term or medium term because, honestly, there are not so many investments being made in coking coal because generally coal has seen a bad basket to invest in.
Only last quarter was one of those quarters where it was EBITDA negative, but largely because of the NRV provisions that we had to make on the slab stock, which in itself was unusual situation as a build up to the [inaudible] summer shutdown.
UK is where we have a challenge because energy costs have always been higher and have become even higher.
So, what happens in the end-of-life situation is the production levels are also not as stable as we would like it to be, and that leads to unplanned outages.
So, a lot of the underperformance has been in UK for the last quarter.
Netherlands also has not had as good a quarter as they would normally have.
You should also keep in mind that Europe is today in a high inflation environment.
The capex required for this should be, I believe much lower than those media headlines.
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited On the relining, it depends on if you're comparing to a relining cost in India, obviously, $275 million looks high.
But if there are some countries in Europe supporting their steel industry with let's say 50% of capex, then the other countries also need to consider that because otherwise, at the end of the transition, some of the steel companies in Europe will be disadvantaged compared to somebody else who's got more support from the government.
So that's why there is a CBAM because if somebody can make steel, which is more carbon inefficient and ship to Europe without the cost, that's very unfair on the European steel industry.
So, for blast furnace emitting that kind of carbon to pay €80 per ton, carbon cost and somebody who is, let's say, 2.5, not paying that cost is certainly unfair.
1,300 crores, but it got offset by the currency valuation.
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited There is a question on profitability in Europe for 4Q, says your commentary suggested that EBITDA/t will further weaken over third quarter, can you please clarify?
What is way forward on UK given the package is inadequate?
So, like I said, depending on the industry it’s, I think, in the range of €50 to €150 to €200/t, lower than last year's annual contract prices.
But most of last year's annual contract prices were higher than €1,000 per ton.
So, I think it's in the €850 to €1,000 range is what we see most of the contracts for this year, which is lower than last year, but higher than today's spot prices.
So, if you have a rising market, the auto contracts look less attractive because the spot prices have gone up above the auto contracts.
1,400 - 1,500/t higher than last quarter.
And as I mentioned earlier also that we're coming to the end of life of some of the critical facilities, which will mean that there will be challenges on costs, and we are trying to run it in a most optimal manner, which will require minimal support from India.
So, I think last quarter was an exception of being EBITDA negative.
So, when steel prices go up, we get a lot of noise from our customers saying that it shouldn’t go up.
The smaller miners are not getting the funds that they used to get earlier, the financing or the insurance that they used to get earlier because coal in general is seen a bad word without drawing a distinction between thermal coal and coking coal.
We are vulnerable to weather or climate events, and that makes the liquidity even worse or two years back, we had a problem in the railways there.
So, till such time, we have enough gas or hydrogen as an alternative to coking coal, we will be vulnerable to the volatility in the coking coal market Prashant Kota, Emkay Global: Sir, apart from that, the net NRV losses and inventory losses across India and Europe, if you could quantify that please, this quarter, how much was that?
