In India, the economic activity remained resilient.
Moving to our performance, Tata Steel India deliveries stood at 4.74 mn tons and were up 7% YoY, primarily driven by 11% growth in domestic deliveries.
Our domestic deliveries grew at a faster pace than the Indian steel apparent 1
This reflects our strong market presence across segments and agile business model.
Some of the highlights include - Value added segments like oil & gas, infrastructure, solar and retail housing growing by about 17% on YoY basis, in part due to the expanding product range and innovative solutions.
Tata Tiscon, which is largely sold to retail customers, registered best ever quarterly sales.
We continue to expand our physical reach via new dealers and virtual reach through Tata Steel Aashiyana, our eCommerce platform for individual home builders.
Sales through Tata Steel Aashiyana have consistently grown over 50% in the last two years.
Our sales to the MSME sector have grown 25% to 30% YoY in the last two quarters.
We have moved from tracking 6 segments to 80 micro segments, which has helped us to understand customers better and enhanced the ability to move material across micro segments based on demand.
Looking ahead, we expect Indian steel prices to move higher based on improved expectations about China demand and sustained government spending on infrastructure in India.
The fourth quarter is also a seasonally a stronger quarter in terms of deliveries, and we are looking to leverage the momentum.
We continue to progress on expanding our capacity across multiple sites in India as we look to grow to 40 mn tons.
[inaudible] expansion in tinplate is from 0.38 MTPA to 0.68 MTPA.
The wire capacity is being expanded from 0.47 to 0.55 MTPA and the tubes capacity from 1.2 MTPA to 1.5 MTPA.
Separately, phased commissioning of the 6 MTPA pellet plant at Kalinganagar has begun and we should stop buying pellets from 2QFY24, which will help reduce our costs.
And over the years, while we have sold more volumes in automotive, its share has moved to around 15% of our total sales.
This is set to rise with the commissioning of the CRM complex and incremental capacity at Kalinganagar.
Similarly, the growth in long products will drive an increase in the high margin retail housing business for us.
We continue to make progress on our sustainability journey to achieve net zero by 2045 via multiple pathways.
Before I hand over to Koushik, I'm also happy to share that Tata Steel is the only company in India to be recognized by the World Economic Forum as a ‘Global Diversity, Equity and Inclusion’ lighthouse and we have also been awarded a Great Place to Work Certification for the sixth time in a row.
The standalone EBITDA margin was higher at about 18%.
4,763 crores and was up 15% QoQ.
India steel prices remained subdued for most part of the quarter.
The fall in prices of long product prices were higher than in flat products due to extended monsoon and the stoppage of construction in Delhi and the NCR region as per the ruling of the National Green Tribunal.
However, the raw material prices were also lower as coking coal prices declined by around $82 per ton on consumption basis.
Overall, the drop in costs more than offset the greater-thanexpected decline in net realisation and that has led to margin expansion.
While the coking coal consumption costs were down by about $95/t QoQ, there was an NRV loss of about £55 million on the slab stocks being carried due to the forthcoming relining at Tata Steel Netherlands.
Energy costs remain broadly stable on QoQ basis.
This has led to an FX impact on the intercompany loans provided over time and this has resulted in a forex gain of Rs.
We made further progress during the quarter on de-risking the BSPS and expanded the insurance coverage from 30% to 60%.
This buy-in transaction and the actual movement during the quarter have led to the reduction of surplus, but it continues to be material in surplus.
As mentioned in the previous quarter, the surplus reduction results in a reduction in the deferred tax liabilities in the OCI.
1,700 crores in the previous quarter and primarily was driven by favourable working capital movement.
We continue to invest in growth in Kalinganagar and in NINL, taking our capital expenditure to about Rs.
3,000 crores in 4Q to ensure that we accelerate the completion of Tata Steel Kalinganagar expansion project.
Our net debt has remained broadly stable at about Rs.
71,706 crores, and the liquidity remains strong at over Rs.
10,000 crores and the best ever dividends that we paid over Rs.
We will continue to deleverage in FY24, and we will continue to ensure that our target of $1 billion is fulfilled and met during the next year and going forward.
Any long-term solution in the UK also has to address the rising cost of carbon and the local emission reduction goals.
The UK government has provided us a framework of support for the proposed transition of Tata Steel UK to a low carbon configuration.
We are developing investment options, which will be most capital-efficient, economically viable, bankable, and value accretive.
In particular, is the cost reduction lower than what we have seen in peers?
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited So, Pinakin, in terms of cost reduction, I don't know if you can be more specific.
Given that in the December quarter, the coking coal cost benefit that was supposed to be there, the margin expansion could have been higher than what we have seen.
volume issue or whether other than coking coal costs, some of the other expenditure did end up being higher than what was earlier thought in November.
When we had met in November, I think the guidance on the realisations were not as pessimistic as it turned out to be.
If you really look at it, as we went into that quarter, we thought the prices would have reached its bottom and will start moving up or if not move up, will stay stable.
So, the margin expansion in 3Q was largely supposed to come from the drop in coal consumption cost.
The coal consumption cost was lower by $90/t, which is what we have guided in November.
But in terms of what we had expected, we didn't expect the prices to drop as much as it did.
And secondly, we were also hoping to get relief on export duty earlier than when it came.
We had a pretty good quarter as far as production is concerned.
My second question is just going back to NINL, you said that it has been ramping up during this quarter.
12,000 crore investment, it effectively implies a steady state through-cycle EBITDA of Rs.
So, the return on investment on NINL was also based on the expansion of Neelachal beyond the 1 mn tons, we said the Rs.
12,000 crore valuation was not for a 1 mn ton capacity, but both for the opportunity for us to increase the size, because if you look at 1 mn ton capacity, we would have been closer to what we paid for Usha Martin or something like that.
So theoretically, we can get a lower tax rate?
Now will there be any NRV provisions in this quarter as well given that prices have moved up in Europe.
And therefore, end March inventory number should look much lower, hence the risk of the NRV comes down.
Secondly, the spot prices are going up now.
If you've seen in Europe, it's gone up by about €50 per ton.
If you look at last quarter and this is an extension of Koushik's answer, the cost of 3Q is higher than the cost of 2Q because of these NRV provisions.
So, despite the coal being $90 per ton cheaper and iron ore being $20 per ton cheaper, our cost was £31 per ton higher in 3Q compared to 2Q only because of this NRV provision.
When you look at 4Q, we expect that the realisations in Europe will be about £70 per ton lower than 3Q but expect cost to be at least £100 per ton lower on QoQ basis.
So, we see a margin expansion per ton this quarter.
Since NRV correction has been done for the slab stocks, if the spot prices and the steel prices keep going up, we shouldn't have a problem.
While we understand your fourth quarter guidance, but given the news flows around the Australia China trade opening up, how do you see coking coal prices trending on 6 to 9-month basis from here?
There would be some weather event in Australia for which it may spike up or something else.
Your question on China buying coking coal, well, I think one thing which China has done well as they managed for the last few years without buying Australian coking coal.
So, they managed to get the quality they want 7
First on the profitability, I believe a couple of years ago, the company was embarking on a transformation program and that time we thought that at spreads of about €240/t, the company was looking at cash breakeven.
Is there something maybe on the UK plants reaching end of life or is there anything else going on that is leading to the deviation from the targeted transformation plan savings.
Because traditionally, energy and gas were hardly less than 10% of the raw material costs, whereas it went up last year to almost 40%.
It's at a more reasonable level.
Second point is, if you really split UK and Netherlands, Netherlands business has traditionally been EBITDA positive, cash positive, for sure, every year and pretty much all quarters.
So, we expect in Netherlands, at least, operationally, this quarter was fine, but next quarter, we have this blast furnace relining after that things should come back to a stable state in Netherlands.
Cost situation is improving in both these places because industry prices have come back close to pre-Russia Ukraine [inaudible] levels.
I think Netherlands should continue to be cash positive and EBITDA positive and should not need support from India.
So, the inflation is much higher than what we had thought two, three years back, and that also has an impact on cost.
So, even if we have taken out a lot of costs, some of the costs because of the inflationary pressures have gone up more than we had planned three years back.
If you could marry both those verticals together, it would be great, sir.
And secondly, Opex support because when you transition from coal to gas and hydrogen, your input costs are less dependent on steel prices.
First is, do we see leeway to increase local steel prices from an import parity mark standpoint.
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited So, I think steel prices in India are also reflecting the trends in international prices.
If you look at prices in Southeast Asia, they got up $100/t in the last four weeks, and steel prices in India, we expect it to go up by that amount over January, February and certainly by March.
The demand in India has been strong.
Japan [inaudible] exporting a lot because the yen has gone to 145 and the yen has also strengthened.
So, I think we are in a much better situation today as far as import prices concern than we were two, three months back.
And I also think, in any case, the steel prices in India, we need to find a better balance than we've seen in the last three, four months.
And particularly, if the industry needs to invest for growth, we need better cash flows than we've got in the last two quarters.
And we have today… in fact, yesterday was the highest ever production that Neelachal has ever had.
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited So next year, what you will see is, firstly, the pellet plant would have ramped up by the end of the first quarter, which means we don't need to buy pellets, which means cost savings for Tata Steel.
Typically blast furnaces ramp up fast unless you have a problem.
you remember the Kalinganagar Phase 1 ramp-up was one of the fastest for any greenfield site.
Or do you see the merger progressing a bit faster than that?
What would be the growth trajectory going forward for the company on an average?
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited So, obviously, our growth in auto will depend largely on the pace at which automotive segment grows because we already having 50% market share and normally auto companies like to buy from at least two suppliers, if not more.
So, we are not looking at a much higher market share than we have today.
So, our growth in volumes will largely depend on the growth of market sector.
So, there is a room for us to increase our market share in the galvanized, high end galvanized and cold roll anneal products, which we will do over the next three to four years.
And I think the Kalinganagar plant is ideally suited for the Oil and gas segment, and we are making a lot of headway there.
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited So, I think what we've always said is our existing sites allow us the run rate to grow to 40 mn tons, right?
So, I think our growth ambitions can be fulfilled from our existing sites.
Just moving to Europe, there's a question about if we expect steel prices in Europe to benefit if CBAM proposal are implemented?
So, in principle that I can articulate as a company is, we will look for all opportunities to reduce our debt.
And then whatever we get from a surplus cash generation, we would look to prepay our leverage.
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited No, I think we said it will improve compared to third quarter because while the current estimate is the realisations on an average for Europe will be £70 per ton lower in 4Q compared to 3Q, but the cost will be about £102 per ton lower, but we are watching all the costs very closely, including gas prices, energy costs which have dropped significantly over the last few weeks.
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited As I mentioned in my comments that we are looking at an optimal model, which is investable, bankable and fix the need of the company.
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited Compared to last year?
What we have done over the last few years is one is, of course, we have a roadmap to continue to improve the situation.
Having said that, I must also say, like I said before, that our Dutch plant is certainly one of the cleaner steel plants in the world, but we are conscious about the feedback from the community and from the regulators and constantly trying to improve the facilities that we have there.
There are gains and there are losses.
And this quarter, as I mentioned, EURUSD and USDINR movements have been quite volatile and resulted in an FX gain, that's been accounted for in others.
total cost at least for the last four, five quarters has been trending north of €1,000 per ton.
In a falling market, the auto prices will look better.
And that's why segments like automotive, oil and gas are attractive because you're not reacting to spot prices moving up and down.
But again, we see downstream like auto gives us stability in the business.
IPP is more the one which you will leverage, when the stable businesses are picking up less volumes than we would like to sell them.
I say this because while from December, the prices have been going up.
In terms of coal, the coal costs are expected to be about $10 per ton lower this quarter compared to last quarter.
So, we understand that profitability in UK will improve in this quarter versus last quarter, what you highlighted.
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited No, so I think we didn't say it would improve.
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited Clarifying Koushik's point, I said we will improve, but we will not be out of the woods.
But we should keep in mind that this is value-added to existing hot roll coils.
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited So, Netherlands has always been EBITDA positive, cash positive.
But I think on an annual basis, even last year and next year, it will be positive EBITDA for sure Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited Post relining, it will come back.
But I think, yes, we have a good long relationship with many of the suppliers, but they are doing …they seem to be doing what is right for their shareholders, and we are doing what we think is right for our shareholders.
But the challenge going forward, this is not a sector which is getting a lot of investment for growth.
But India is already the largest importer of coking coal and Indian steel capacity is going to double over the next 10 years and will double again over the 10 years after that.
