EBIT is down a little bit at 7.3% for the quarter.
We are still production constrained on Range Rover and as Balaji mentioned we have a two week plant shutdown in the quarter.
One year ago, this quarter was the quarter when we had the premiership of Liz Truss and Sterling did take a step down to $1.10.
I'll come and talk about that in a minute that's a natural part of our cycle plan and working capital was a little bit adverse for us in the quarter.
I think it is important to understand that for us, that capitalization ratio is something that does wax and wane according to where we are in the product lifecycle.
It always gets higher as we approach major launches because then the engineers are working on programs that have passed their capitalization hurdles and it always goes down when we are working on programs which are further into the future.
You can see the trend from that low point of just sub 65,000 units in Q2 FY 2022.
So to that extent it has been a quarter where we had to manage the ins and outs and that explains the EV volume sequential decline that you see, but year on year continues to do well.
Overall numbers, the revenues went down 3% for the reasons I just explained, but despite that, EBITDA up 110 bps at 6.5%, EBIT at 1.8%, plus 140 bps and PBT (bei) of about Rs.
See where the monies have come from because the volume decline and the mix, because don't forget that Nexon, Harrier and Safari are our most proﬁtable products.
Those were the ones where we did see a volume challenge and that's the reason the volume and mix are taking the EBIT numbers down.
5,200 crores of GNPA overall is now down to about Rs.
We acknowledge those challenges but right now we are not seeing that impacting our demand for our products.
So, investment levels is a bit of the disconnect between the change in EBIT guidance and the change in cash guidance, but we still do have GBP 1.25 billion of debt to, uh, take down in the next six months.
One is the increasing salience of Range Rover, Range Rover Sport and Defender in your order book, but your ASPs have declined for third quarter in a row.
Do you expect the ASP's to decline further as mix beneﬁt starts receding?
Within that, we've said in Q2, we were a little bit constrained in terms of our Range Rover and Range Rover sport production.
The fact that we've got such a high unrecognized DTA does add both level and volatility to our eﬀective tax rate, so we would like to get that resolved at some stage.
Pricing discipline has seen some dilution in the last couple of months.
And what's ailing the LCV industry?
Tata Motors Limited November 2, 2023 Girish Wagh Okay, so I think from Tata Motors, we are not seeing any drop in the pricing discipline.
In fact, we continue with the discipline that we introduced during last September in a very steadfast manner and we had seen some dip in the month of May, but which I spoke about in the Q1 earnings call.
Comparatively, I think the freight rates have not followed to that extent and the second thing I would say is I think the ﬁnancing environment, I think post COVID all the financiers have been a bit wary, if I may say so and cautious and therefore all this put together is keeping this industry ﬂat.
Look, we've consistently run down the order book by about 5000 a month, not only in our quarter two, but actually for the last nine months.
So I think it's reasonable to assume that the order book will fall a little bit more sharply over the next 6 months.
There's been some pause in momentum.
There has been a quarter on quarter decline and impact, primarily because one, if you remember, there were several launches which happened in the EV industry in the late quarter four of last ﬁnancial year, quarter one of this ﬁnancial year and you know that whenever there is a launch, there is a spike in the demand and there is a ﬁlling of the channel with supplies for those new models and then you see it stabilizing at lower levels.
Number two, remember that Nexon EV has been one of the highest selling models in the EV industry and I covered in the presentation, Balaji also spoke about that we had to ramp down the volumes of Nexon EV because of the transition to the new model and therefore it impacted in the quarter two.
It is not because it has been taken away, the demand came down but in anticipation that it will be reverted, it still remains down.
We all know that the biggest impediment to the growth of EV has been the charging infra.
In terms of commodity environment, as I spoke, I think we are looking at some headwind on the steel, right, and we are keeping a close watch on that.
Richard, Adrian, this is coming again a very thematic question coming in, in terms of slowdown in global markets.
A couple of course asked them do you agree that it will slow down?
Tata Motors Limited November 2, 2023 slowdown, many OEMs are pushing out their launches.
So, there is a slowdown which we see in some markets.
Interest rates clearly are very high a lot of the incentive deals are underpinning those interest rates, 8% in the US which a lot of the OEMs are subventing and we're not right.
We have a huge amount of pent up demand, which we're slowly, slowly working through, and a huge capability to increase incentives and be signiﬁcantly lower than in the marketplace going forward in FY 2025, which we will look to do as we close out the balance of this year.
The next question comes from Nishit Jalan, on the PV business a lot of those questions have been answered, maybe one speciﬁc one, I would say, has there been any production constraint as dispatches appear to be lower in the last two months and when do we start the production in the Sanand plant and when should we expect Curvv and Sierra?
But still, we lost opportunity because it was the ﬁrst month of ramp up of Harrier and Safari, so we could not fully produce what we would have intended to.
In our portfolio, I would say for certain models, the regular models, of course, we have also seen the depletion of the order book in the festive period because it was the phase of delivery and we are re-working on creating fresh orders.
Sanand plant, can this cause a dip in PV business margin?
Do you feel the biggest impediment to EV growth is absence of secondhand EV market?
