The portfolio of CNGs which Shailesh is going to talk about later, doing well for us and 1000 odd e-Buses, with the latest being Srinagar that was launched yesterday and of course getting ready for the future perspective, I think both in Tata Motors and in JLR, the whole testing sites for EVs as well as here the H2, ICE testing facility in India both big ones coming through.
I am sure, there is going to be a question later today in terms of why is it that between PBT and PAT, the tax costs have gone up signiﬁcantly.
Free cash ﬂows came in strong again this quarter at Rs.
PBT (bei) stepping up by almost Rs.18,000 crores and on a year on year basis, the cash ﬂows have also stepped up by Rs.
So well on track to whatever commitments we had on the deleverage plan.
Proﬁtability particularly pleasing because every vertical was ﬁring on the proﬁtability side and hence contributing to the overall increase that you see.
Split it up by Tata Motors, India, I think we are very conﬁdent this business will go net cash by end of this year and the JLR by the next year and therefore we believe we are well on track for deleveraging targets.
For the shipper, it's going to result in lower freight costs because of matching; there is for the transporters, there's better transparency on freight availability, faster payments for the entire truck operators there; for everybody, enhanced visibility and reliability.
And therefore, this is quite an interesting transaction coming through and ﬁts in very well with Girish's digital plan that we have, for the CV business.
A very interesting transaction, something we are very excited by.
For us, it accelerates our entry into the high end segment, it delivers a global product upfront, reduces development costs and cycle time because it would have been already validated by JLR and accelerates our adoption of advanced ACES technologies.
So this helps Tata Motors leapfrog the market as far as the Indian market is concerned.
Yes, so let's go to the next chart, because it's important to show JLR is really delivering strongly both ﬁnancially and operationally.
So, if you look at the top line, our Q2 performance, revenue up 30% year on year to GBP 6.9 billion pounds, that is a record, we have never achieved that level before in Q2.
We always mentioned when we showed the Q1 numbers that there was a small one oﬀ favorable in there that would
In terms of per unit, we're now up at GBP 72,000 per car, delivering 8% EBIT, GBP 877 million worth of PBT, which is up GBP1.6 billion year over year and an H1 cash ﬂow of GBP 751 million pounds.
So, we are setting records, we are delivering well.
So, we move on to the next chart, which shows our wholesale performance, which was up 4% in the quarter, from 93,000 to 97,000 units, up 29% for the half.
Defender continues to do extremely well for us, 30,000 units in the quarter and Jaguar was also up in the quarter.
Although if you look at the table of the ﬁrst half of the year below you can see Jaguar is pretty ﬂat and the volume increase is coming primarily from Range Rover and Defender, which is up considerably on a year-by- year basis.
So on a H1 to H1 basis, we are up 29%.
So if we look at this on a regional basis, I think the only thing I'll point out in terms of both the quarter is, look China we know, is a very, very tough market at the moment, but we are showing strong resilience in that market.
Actually, quarter on quarter we're up and we're fairly ﬂat year on year and that does show the power of the modern luxury brands that we have and how they can cut through at the top end some of the noise and the pressures of the market.
Most of the other regions performed really well.
If you look at the second bar chart down there, the ﬁrst half of the year, every single region is doing better than it was in the previous year.
Actually, it went up from 12.7% to 13% but that's a number that we expect to stay fairly static until we launch our new BEV, starting with the Range Rover BEV at the end of next year.
So the next chart shows the development of our proﬁt before tax from last year to this year and shows an increase of GBP 615 million year over year in our PBT delivery.
Volume was 21,500 units higher than the previous year and mix is also stronger, that is Defender up from 23% to 31% and Ranger Rover Sport up from 6% to 17%.
Pricing for us is also something which has been positive over the last year.
We are showing a very small increase in our variable marketing expense but do note that's going from 1.1% to 1.5%, those are levels which are still extremely strong and represents the sort of the need to not discount greatly in the modern luxury space of the market.
So, we have done very well to keep VME at those types of levels whilst keeping order bank of 168,000 units.
Material cost is actually favorable for us in this quarter, that is largely because of this time last year was when we were really suﬀering in terms of material cost, particularly in terms of the amounts that we were having to spend to
As that industry has stabilized now, we don't need to spend those money.
So on a year to year basis, material cost is actually showing some improvements for us.
Foreign exchange, actually net favorable for us year-over-year.
It's come back up this quarter to circa $1.22.
That's given us an operational FX adverse, but quite a strong hedge position and the revaluation of our balance sheet and debt meant that the net foreign exchange impact for us is favorable so that's the explanation.
We have improved our PBT by GBP 615 million versus the same quarter last year and that PBT is the best that we have had for several years.
That's a really strong message.
So if I look at it, for the same quarter last year it was 40%, same quarter the year before it was 37%, same quarter the year before that it was 68%.
So, we would expect that level to probably increase a little bit over the next couple of quarters and then as we move through next year to start coming down.
We are continuing to improve out and in the next couple of quarters, we will improve those deliveries more.
That's partly as a result of something I'll come and talk to you about on MLA in a second and partly the result of there are greater working days in the next two quarters than there were in the last two.
Tata Motors Limited November 2, 2023 or ﬁres at suppliers, but we're getting very good at responding to those very fast.
So we do expect Q3 and Q4, both wholesale volumes and production volumes to improve even over the numbers that you can see there on that page.
We expect that to continue to improve through the back end of the year.
That will start a ramp up process, but it will allow us to increase those numbers as we go into the back end of this quarter and through into next year.
We are performing well operationally, ﬁnancially and we're setting records and we expect to be able to set more records in the quarters ahead.
So, we expect our volumes to recover, we expect inﬂation to moderate and we are changing our guidance in terms of EBIT from prior guidance of 6% plus to around 8%.
That shows the conﬁdence in the delivery that we are currently producing that we can maintain those levels.
Net debt, we ended the quarter at GBP 2.249 billion so GBP 2.25 billion, that is exactly half of it was a year ago so we have halved our net debt in 12-months and we commit to get that net debt down from GBP 2.249 billion to lower than GBP1 billion by the end of this ﬁnancial year.
On the market share front, we had an improvement sequentially from 39.1% to 39.7%.
Particularly, hearteningly, the heavies are starting to do well and as the supply chain issues, the portfolio gaps that we had, then even the ILMCV sections are doing well, but we do have a challenge on the small commercial vehicles and that's an area which we are well focused on to ensure that comes back again.
But, the work on pivot to quality is yielding us handsome returns.
Revenue is up by 22% at ~Rs.
20,000 crores and EBITDA up by 540 bps and now at 10.4%, we committed to deliver a double digit EBITDA, we have delivered this quarter as well as on a half year basis and of course from a proﬁtability perspective
So on a very good track as far as proﬁtability is concerned.
A combination of volume mix as well as draw your attention to realization increase, so substantial improvement coming through there.
That was a strategy, that is what is yielding us the beneﬁts and as you saw in the previous slide, it is also yielding market shares in the key heavies and the intermediate sections.
So we had good growth in volumes, almost 21% quarter-on-quarter and 6% year-onyear with all the availability issues that we had in Q1 being addressed.
In ILMCV and passenger we are growing market share month over month as the availability issues have been addressed and in small commercial vehicle and pickups I think as Balaji mentioned, we are pivoting towards, on one hand improving the unit economics and on the other hand improving the business model from B2B to B2C, and we will claw back the market share as we go ahead.
If you see the non-vehicle business revenue also grew by 20% over Q2 of last year, so this is one business that has been growing handsomely.
It's very good improvement in penetration in the spare parts as well as service.
If you look at bright spots, ﬁrst is for us, the trucks that is M&HCVs grew by 24% over the same quarter last year.
Passenger carriers grew, that is buses and vans grew by almost 32%.
I think the customer sentiment index, it remained ﬁrm or improved across segments.
So generally second quarter, monsoon quarter does see a dip in medium and heavy commercial vehicles, which is what we saw, but otherwise the other segments did well.
On the commodities, we had tailwind due to softening of commodities, especially steel and precious metal, so had good tailwind on the margins and of course I think we have been pushing our cost reduction eﬀorts as also improving realizations month over month, which is all what has helped in margin improvement.
I must also say, I think post the introduction of BS6 Phase II, we have been getting good traction on all products and there has been a lot of focus on inﬂuencer advocacy as well as a lot of in market back to back trials to prove the improvement in total cost of ownership.
So going ahead, I think we are quite clear we will continue to drive the realization improvement.
We have already taken a price increase on October 1, because we see some commodity headwinds, especially from steel coming in Q3, likely to come in Q3, so that's the price increase that we have taken.
And while we continue to drive realization improvement, we will keep upping the Vahaan share, which is what we are focusing on with the help of our BS6 Phase II product range.
We are driving now proﬁtable growth and building a very sustainable model.
We have been scaling up our EV supplies, both the Ace EV as well as the electric buses and I'll speak about this in detail on the next slide.
Tata Motors Limited November 2, 2023 growth in our spares and service penetration and therefore the revenue from the downstream business.
In international markets we have been maintaining our market shares in all the key markets, have improved our margins and we are also maintaining channel health as the total industry volumes in most of these markets are below even the last year.
So we have more than 1600 Ace EVs plying on the roads and together they have clocked more than 4 million kilometers, so good experience under the belt now.
I am also pleased to inform you that just two days back we have received the PLI certiﬁcate.
With this, we will now further strengthen our eﬀorts in increasing the volumes.
The retail numbers of Ace EV are growing month over month and we continue a strong engagement with the ecosystem stakeholders to ensure ﬁnance availability, charging infrastructure availability, as also enhancing our reach to keep on scaling up the volumes.
Cumulatively, we have now crossed more than 97 million kilometers and I think in all the contracts we are delivering more than 95% uptime and almost close to 100% uptime towards the end of quarter two.
I think the buses have been delivering pretty well.
I already spoke about Jammu and Kashmir and I think the focus that we have in this business right now is laying a foundation for a very strong business, a lot of focus on putting in place processes, IT and digital enablement.
I am also very happy to let you know that we had taken a speciﬁc position on the new tenders in absence of the payment security mechanism and we have been having a lot of engagement with the government.
A lot of positive response from the government and as we understand in the new tender, which is likely to come up from the Ministry of Housing and Urban Aﬀairs, payment security mechanism may ﬁnd a place in that, which will see us coming back aggressively in this space.
So the Freight Tiger operates in the logistics ecosystem, whereas Fleet Edge is a very strong platform in the truck ecosystem.
We now have almost half a million vehicles on the platform and we continue to grow this, the engagement times are also improving month over month.
We introduced the subscription modules from second quarter and we've seen a good traction from the customers for the same.
As I said, the engagement time is being improved with enhanced information and contextual insights on operations, that is operations of the trucks, the vehicle health and the driving behavior, which is actually helping the customers to improve their real time total cost of ownership.
I won't speak further on the Freight Tiger, as Balaji has spoken about it, but actually it provides a very comprehensive end to end solution for us, connecting both the truck ecosystem and the trip ecosystem and will actually be a win-win proposition for all the stakeholders whether it is the shippers, the logistics service providers and ﬂeet owners which are going to be our customers.
I think we have grown very handsomely 4 times over Q2 of FY 2023 and I must say, actually, this is helping us to improve the penetration, so the customers who otherwise would have not bought from us or gone for secondhand I think are coming to us through this.
Tata Motors Limited November 2, 2023 The last point I would say retails, as I said from the digital leads, also continue to be healthy.
So pretty happy to see the way it ended at 13.4%.
And the way the Nexon orders are currently picking up, which I again see a lot of questions on, we are quite comfortable with the way it is currently positioned.
The business is starting to step up the proﬁtability once again.
At the same time, variable cost, signiﬁcant savings starting to come through, including in battery prices as we had indicated last time and hence the proﬁtability coming up because of that.
Fixed cost increases fundamentally coming out, a fair amount of amortization being pushed through as well as charge outs of Capex, this is happening and the step up in FMEs is also of course for the ﬁxed cost number, which we are not unduly concerned about.
We are there, so this business is now nearing the double digit EBITDA that we once had an aspiration for, that aspiration has turned into reality.
At the same time the EV business size is stepping up and the EBITDA of minus 5% or Rs.100 crore loss that you see needs to be
We are well in control of our numbers and very much in the aﬀordability zone and this is particularly noteworthy because almost this entire Rs.
And this EBITDA will continue to increase further as the battery prices come oﬀ further as new contracts are coming in place, you should see an improvement in Q3 and a signiﬁcant improvement in Q4.
So we have the business very well positioned for both growth and proﬁtability increase and market share in the second half of the year as the new products start coming through.
In quarter two, the high base eﬀect of last year quarter two kicked in and the wholesale was just a single digit growth which was 5%.
The segment shift, the structural shift that we have been seeing towards SUVs further pronounced in the quarter two, now it is at 50% plus share which is at the cost of the decline of hatches.
There has been a sequential margin growth as Balaji already covered that point.
We sold about 48,000 numbers in quarter two and this is basically on the back of the multi-powertrain strategy that we have, which is CNG, electric as well as petrol, which is really delivering higher volumes in a very challenged segment, I would say.
Talking about the bright spots in the industry, I believe that quarter three is going to see sustained momentum.
You already saw the ﬁrst month was a very high wholesale month.
There's a strong retail momentum that one is seeing in the festive period and festive periods end after Diwali.
So, we don't see a problem in terms of the demand as it was being anticipated.
Supply concern clearly looks to be eased out, particularly when we talk about the semiconductor.
As far as Tata Motors is concerned, we launched the iCNG version range, if you remember, in May, that is, in quarter one we had launched Altroz iCNG, which was the ﬁrst product with twin cylinder technology, really was received well.
Must say that all of them are really doing good.
Balaji showed that in H1 we are at 13% share in CNG, but this has grown to nearly 20% now.
Launch of new Nexon, Nexon EV is another point which Balaji had mentioned, but these two launches have really been good.
You know while the waiting periods were very high in the ﬁrst month, but in the last two months we have nearly supplied 32,000 numbers and that has moderated the waiting period to 3 to 4 months period.
We were able to get 5 star rating, but with the highest ever score that any car in India has got, very strong bookings coming in it's with all the segment leading features and we strongly believe that this is also going to do well.
So all the launches that recently we have done, which is CNG, Nexon, Harrier and Safari really augers well for us in quarter three and going forward.
In terms of challenges yes, high levels of channel inventory, as you know, in the industry, in anticipation of a strong festive season, hopefully the Diwali will also have strong
Tata Motors Limited November 2, 2023 demand outlook, so therefore we expect that inventory should come within the normal levels.
Regulatory support reduced for EVs in some key markets, but particularly I'm talking about Telangana, where there is uncertainty around the road tax waiver, hope that will get clariﬁed and therefore the volumes are going to come back.
As I said that SUVs have gained their salience but this has come at the cost of hatches and sedans.
So therefore our plan would be to ramp up the supply for the new launches to drive volume growth.
We have done well for Nexon so far in two months.
Hopefully, we should be able to deliver supplies, strong supplies in this month.
As you know, these two segments are de- growing but with the advantage of the multi-powertrain strategy that we have and certain micro markets and customer segments, we are planning to see how we can sustain our volumes here.
Overall, let me accelerate a bit here.
Cash proﬁts signiﬁcantly higher than the enhanced Capex that we are running it, so business is living well within its means.
Again, investment spending, we are clocking well.
8000 crore spend this year and we are on track to deliver on that number and that just ensures that the overall product plans are all well funded.
The business is gradually getting its act together after the challenges that they faced last year around October and the concerted collection eﬀorts are delivering results and the eﬃciency is now 97%, improving.
3,300 crores which is a signiﬁcant improving on the GNPA on the book that we are seeing.
ROE is also starting to step up at 4.7% and the business diversiﬁcation is well on track with both on pre-owned vehicle ﬁnancing, ﬂeet opex ﬁnancing, all that is expanding well.
Capital adequacy and DE ratios and liquidity all of them comfortable.
We continue to remain optimistic on demand despite those external challenges.
Our H2 performance is likely to improve further, on three reasons.
One, seasonality will start working in our favor, supplies are likely to improve particularly in JLR as well as in passenger vehicles and in passenger vehicles a slew of new launches coming through and therefore quite conﬁdent on the deleveraging plans.
I will draw your attention to the improved indication on what we are likely to land the year at in JLR likely to be more around 8% for this year and we do believe we can sustain it thereon.
Tata Motors Limited November 2, 2023 overall, that is a focus and on CV side, the focus particularly on SCV market shares and continuing to sustain the improvements that we are seeing in M&HCV market shares is important.
We will not change the pivot to growth, pivot to quality strategy that we have put in place and double-digit EBITDA for the entire year, securing that and improving it is important.
And PV of course get back to market beating growth and on EV the focus will squarely be on expanding the market and driving up the EV penetration of our portfolio.
The guidance for EBIT margins increased to 8%.
Should we not expect a higher FCF given EBIT is going up?
That is GBP 500 million more than we generated in the ﬁrst half of the year.
We do expect that to go up in the second half of the year, as we start paying for the preparation works in both our plants in Halewood and in Solihull in the UK, to start producing the next generation of BEV vehicles and also in the facilities to produce the EVUs and the batteries.
Range Rover in particular, which is our highest transaction price vehicle, went from 18% to 15% of our sales mix.
After that, we have been consistently growing the market operating prices.
First is, I think in terms of percentage increase over the base price, this segment has seen a signiﬁcant increase when we move from BS3 to BS4, then BS4 to BS6 Phase I and then BS6 Phase 1 to Phase II and as a result I think the ticket size has gone up.
But I must say, as the result of this, I think the quality of books of all the financiers has been consistently improving, at least on our counter.
But we do believe in the growth potential of this segment and I think once the economics for the operators balance out, once again I think the industry will start growing.
But in addition to that, I'm very pleased to tell you that we are also seeing good traction for the ACE EV in some of the retail segments.
You know and at some point of time later I can also speak about this in detail, but we see good traction happening there.
Of course, range anxiety, charging infrastructure, ﬁnancing environment are some of the issues which remain in the minds of the customers, which we are tackling by increasing the ﬁnancing period, by increasing the warranty on these vehicles, and we continue to improve the charging infrastructure and I think gradually we see retails of ACE EV growing month over month.
So I expect a marginal acceleration because we're building more cars and therefore fulﬁlling more of the existing orders.
Balaji From an input cost side, given the higher wage hikes that we are seeing in suppliers like IAC, do you expect input procurement costs to go up?
But as I referenced in the charts, actually, certainly on a year by year basis, there's considerable elements that are improving.
We are spending vastly less on broker buys of chips than we were beforehand and there are many other elements in relation to commodity costs and even utility costs that are going down.
In fact, I think the dynamic that you're going to see over the coming time is that we will have to spend marginally more in terms of VME and FMI in terms of order generation, but we will oﬀset those costs by reductions versus last year's levels in our material cost and operational costs.
M&HCV I think YoY we will see continued growth in Q3, would be almost double digit.
I think Q4 could be ﬂattish or little growth because Q4 of last year was pretty good.
We need to see where we end this year, which is looking strong, touching 4 million or so.
We need to understand that the last ﬁnancial year the growth was nearly 25% and that is very diﬃcult to sustain.
Typically the PV industry mid-to-long term grows by at a CAGR of 6% to 7%.
So, I would still imagine that the demand would remain strong but would be still a single digit in FY 2025 but I must say that it is still very speculative.
And does this mean major savings on JLR EBITDA?
Richard Molyneux So, look, Jaguar is still performing strongly.
In terms of the impact that, that will have on our EBITDA, yes, we're anticipating that new Jaguar will be a really proﬁtable business.
I completely understand where this is coming from, some of the negative articles which have come on this, but if you really see the facts, in H1, we have seen a growth of 107% in EVs.
So it is very strong I would say.
And remember that whenever there is a new price point or a new body style that you oﬀer in the market, there is all of a sudden jump.
After Tiago, EV got launched, it moved up to 25,000 because it was a new price point that you brought into the market.
Tata Motors Limited November 2, 2023 to really increase the volumes signiﬁcantly I would say that's the second big driver and the third one is the charging infra.
And the very fact that 93% of the people are charging at home also signiﬁes that people are right now comfortable driving in the cities but there's drastic increase in public charging, which we are anticipating especially on the highways in the next 2 years or so.
A mainstream buyer will only buy when they get the comfort on the highways and why I'm saying that it is going to drastically increase because see, number one would be the oil marketing companies.
And this is going to really signiﬁcantly provide us tailwind to tap to the mainstream bias, so I think mid to long term and in the coming quarters you will see EV growing very strong.
But when we got the opportunity to evaluate EMA, we thought that while our positioning is going to be diﬀerent than JLR positioning, but this unleashes a big opportunity for us to access state of the art features.
The new age features which we'll be requiring in the coming years, which comes from the electrical/ electronic architecture and a very mature platform which has been developed by JLR, which will really improve the reliability, predictability, future readiness of this platform.
So this is a big game to us to position ourselves on a very strong pedigree of JLR EMA platform so that's number one.
Number two is that the two companies have an opportunity to really derive the synergies on the cost side.
Certain parts we will be unique, we'll be localizing ourselves, so that will give us the cost advantage.
But that also gives the opportunity to JLR to also tap some of those cost beneﬁts.
So cost becomes a big game and most importantly, given the maturity of the platform, it also helps us reduce the time.
And for us particularly, I think we will bring a very premium electric SUV which will be on a very strong pedigree of JLR platform.
Adrain Mardell Agree with all of those three things and I think the only thing I'd like to add is we've talked for at least four years about the increasing collaboration between JLR and the broader Tata group and I think with the announcements in July around Agratas, and now this announcement hopefully everybody listening is starting to understand the power of that relationship which will continue going forward and I'm sure grow beyond the levels we've announced already.
So, I'm delighted with the progress in the last six months to twelve months that we've made as a group.
There's no change in our guidance that we will get to double digit margins FY 2026.
The M&HCV market share gain that you're currently seeing, can you give more color to it?
Girish Wagh Okay, so I think in M&HCV and for that matter, I would say the entire truck segment, which I'm including ICVs also, our focus has been to improve the value proposition consistently, right because ﬁnally, whatever we are selling has to make sense for the customer, right.
I mean, while we are looking at it as more of discount reduction, VME reduction, I think it is more about improving the value being delivered to the customers.
So in the value delivered to the customer, let me talk about the product, I think our position and our strategy on consistently improving the product at every emission compliance or regulatory gate has been vindicated.
So we improved the TCO signiﬁcantly in BS6 Phase I, we did that again in BS6 Phase II, and I think in Q1, as the products got established and with lot of back to back trials, I think the TCO improvement got established, which therefore led to good value improvement for the customer.
Tata Motors Limited November 2, 2023 In addition to that, I think we've also given higher performance or higher power to weight ratio, which also I spoke about in the last quarter.
I think that is also leading to very good traction, especially in the Tipper segment.
In addition to that, I think over the years we have improved our service oﬀerings signiﬁcantly so, we have a very attractive annual maintenance contract and I think in the BS6 electronic era, the annual maintenance contract is also making signiﬁcant diﬀerence along with the key account engagement that we have put in place.
Finally, I think I must add that ﬂeet edge now is also helping the customers to actually accrue value in real life usage of the vehicles and this is clearly becoming a diﬀerentiator in the marketplace, especially in the cargo segment and in a diﬀerent manner in the tipper segment.
So, I think all these put together, therefore it's a strong value proposition for the customers.
I think we will stay committed to this with every model year as we call in trucks and as also with every regulatory change, I think we will continue to improve the value proposition for the customer.
Shailesh Chandra Yeah, so when I talk about Navaratra, especially, even the last Navaratra was very strong for us.
We already had a very high base but very happy to share that we saw nearly 30% growth in the last, what to say 15 days or so which has passed since the start of Navaratra in terms of registration and 16% growth in terms of delivery.
So it has been a very strong festive period for us on the back of new launches, success of CNG.
How are orders picking up?
Shailesh Chandra Very strong, very strong response to Nexon.
But as far as EVs is also concerned, these are like 2 times to 3 times increase in the booking rates as compared to the normal times.
But we'll have to then see in the next one month or two months how this volume stabilizes but excellent response to both the products.
Again, staying with you, the EV margins, what are the key contributors for the quarter on quarter improvement in that margins?
Number one is the cell cost reduction which we have already seen about 15% to 20% and we are going to see further reduction of signiﬁcant amount I would say in the quarter three also and going forward we are also optimistic.
Then we have also the non cell cost reduction which is pack minus cell items and a lot of these items were imported.
But as we been working on the PLI, there is a lot of localization action which has happened, which is another source of cost reduction that we have seen.
The third is also the use of new generation and compact aggregates when we launch for example when Nexon EV was launched, we shifted to the new generation power electronics as well as some of the aggregates which really helped us in not only improving the performance eﬃciency but also cost.
And the last one would be there's a massive cost reduction program which is also going into PV side so, the donor vehicle cost reduction actions on that side has also beneﬁted so these would be the four factors.
There was no price increase whatsoever for more than 12 months right and this is despite the inﬂationary environment that one saw on the commodities and especially steel and precious metals, right.
The entire journey during these 12 months was about realization improvement.
Now, in the month of October after one year we have taken a list price increase and we will pass-through this price increase gradually during this quarter and we are already on track for that.
So I think we're in a really healthy place, a really good place in a very, very diﬃcult market, but we're very wary about the diﬃculties in the marketplace as well.
Shailesh Chandra So, as far as last two months is concerned, I think last month we were the highest ever in terms of oﬀtake.
So that was the highest production month for us.
A month prior to that again, it was also a month of signiﬁcant ramp down of Harrier and Safari and some of the models in, say, compact sedan and hatches so that's been the case, but I think exit number is more important, which has been the highest ever.
So that business is well funded and ready to meet its objectives and we obviously will want to work closely between Freight Tiger and Fleet Edge to ensure we drive maximum synergies and those synergistic business cases and how that can in turn manage this burn rate and step up growth rates is something that we'll be working with them in the coming days.
Next question from Kapil Singh, Indian PV some of your competition has seen sharp clearance of order books.
Harrier, Safari, Nexon so it's pretty balanced, I would say.
Shailesh Chandra So, second half as Balaji, you also mentioned in your presentation that it should be strong on the back of launches that we had and which we will have in the coming quarters.
Our working capital cycle tends to improve as our volumes improve.
Absolutely secured the Rs.
So between the two, we are well funded.
And our volumes are anyway picking up.
So we are already at absolutely at a limit in terms of our capacities hence this is only going to add as volumes pick up.
Tata Motors Limited November 2, 2023 condition at a much lower price, availing the beneﬁts of operating cost, lower maintenance cost and so on.
