It will lead to a reduction in the overall capital base of the company, making it 4% EPS accretive for all shareholders.
But given that there is 0.7 ordinary shares issued for every “A” ordinary share, the overall capital base goes down by about Rs.
And, second is the voting rights of the public shareholders goes up by 3%, and that of the promoters goes down from 45.8% to 42.6%.
And basis their perception on what the relative weightage for these factors were, they have arrived at a 30% discount.
Seasonally, a weak quarter, despite that PBT (bei) being better than the Q4 last year.
So, if we move on to the next chart, this is the number set that we've been able to present, so revenue GBP 6.9 billion, down slightly as our volume was 1% below, and we also had some impact of foreign exchange coming through.
And our net debt is now down to just below GBP 2.5 billion from GBP 3 billion at the end of last quarter.
So, wholesales is 1% lower than the previous quarter, retails virtually exactly the same, and that is the second consecutive quarter that we've had over 100,000 retails through our network.
Within the brands, Range Rover is slightly down.
And if I start with China, China you can see is reasonably flat quarter-on-quarter.
But there is an underlying issue that we're dealing with in both the UK and Europe, which is, we still have some supply shortages.
So, that's the reason why there's slightly more muted performance in the UK and Europe outside of even the seasonality effect within the UK.
That is also the reason on the right-hand side where if you look at our powertrain mix, the percentage which is BEV and PHEV down in the bottom right is actually lower than it was last quarter.
That leads to an operational FX adverse for us, and we operationally prefer a weaker sterling being a UK exporter.
One point I do want to make is that our fixed asset base this quarter is flat, within GBP 7 million quid on a basis of GBP11 billion.
It is marginally down but on an absolute trend increase.
For Q2, we expect our production to be lower than Q1, and that's a natural effect of we have two weeks of shutdown coming in the first half of August.
So we will have production and cash flow lower than in Q1, but we would expect wholesales and profitability much more in-line with recent quarters.
But in fact, it's too high, because customers are waiting too long for their cars at the moment.
But we do expect Q2, from our own financial forecast perspective, to be a little bit worse in terms of production and cash flow, although wholesales and profitability will be more in-line with recent quarters, and we will revisit our guidance after Q2.
On the market shares, I think the performance was impacted to some extent by the availability of BS6 Phase 2 vehicles in the quarter.
So, I think the wholesale volume was kind of flat or actually reduced by around 2%.
But, if we see the registration volumes, I think they actually declined by around 6%, which is a true indication.
As Balaji mentioned, I think our share impacted in Q1 more due to constrained availability.
That led to a challenge on availability in terms of productionization, as well as ramp-up.
But the intermediate and light commercial vehicles still remains lower.
On international markets, I think, the volumes still remain subdued.
200 crores is what we ended the quarter at, with an EBITDA declining by 80 bps, 6.1% to 5.3%.
On the EV side, the EBITDA margin did go down, but a lot of it is also coming from two aspects.
So, overall, you should take as far as EBITDA is for EV is concerned, the only losses you should be seeing, if at all, is related to product investments that we are making and nothing else that should be there.
You can see now hatch segment has come down to 32%.
Our share of hatch and sedan may come under further pressure with the new launches that have happened recently in the industry.
So overall CV plus PV, the quarter saw a cash outflow of almost Rs.
And absolute GNPA is now reducing on a quarter-on-quarter basis, it went down further by Rs.
And on a year-on-year basis, it's down by almost Rs.
So, yes, depreciation down by GBP 30 million to GBP 40 million quarter-over-quarter.
Reason for sharp decline in EV segment profitability.
The second reason, Balaji, again mentioned, roughly a 200 bps impact that we got because of the front-loading of fixed marketing expenses due to IPL.
One is demand and how do you see demand coming through and number two is you are losing market shares as Tata Motors.
So, July is traditionally a low month because the rains have started every year.
And that's what drives the reported EBIT of 8.6% down to what I've specified as an underlying of around 7.5%.
And by the way, we should also say our variable marketing stimulation on those products are very, very low, less than 1% in all of those three places.
And their fixed marketing for those products in those regions also are very, very low.
So sort of offsetting within margins.
A few quarters ago, it was as low as 28% and 53% and now 61%.
It doesn't mean to say that that those manufacturers are losing share overall.
People told us for a long time we were too late.
There is the entry segment, which is facing demand pressure, and for certain manufacturers, the inventory levels are high.
Are you concerned around JLR's cost competitiveness, given the combination of high inflation and stronger GBP in the UK?
One, we do expect marketing costs on our vehicles, which are historical lows at this point to actually increase.
Maybe in total, those costs will increase two or three
Yeah, the 185,000 that you called out, there's a drop from 200K to 185K, but the same time that the percentage of Range Rover Sports, Defender has remained constant at 76%.
So on your first question, throwing any light on that look, we have for a particular period seen beyond the three vehicle lines, the order banks, for the other vehicles, bearing in mind we've been building not very many at all, the order banks, the other vehicles have started to fall over the last 12-18 months.
It's now down to 40,000.
So in total, order banks for those non-3 Range Rover, Range Rover Sport and Defender have consistently dropped over the last 9 to 12 months.
