It means that the “A” ordinary shares have been valued almost at a 23% premium to yesterday's closing price, which is a substantial premium that is being offered.
And second is this ratio implies that the “A” ordinary shares are being valued at a 30% discount to ordinary shares, compared to the 43% discount that was prevailing in the market yesterday, and significantly better than almost a 50% discount, average discount that it has traded as over the last five years.
It will eliminate the discount in Tata Motor’s overall market capitalization by almost Rs.
15,000 crore, which will lead to substantial value creation if TML shares are used as a currency for any further future capital raise or any other transaction.
At the end of this transaction, along with the ADRs that we have already delisted, we will end up significantly simplifying, streamlining, and consolidating our share capital, and we will only have ordinary shares listed on NSE and BSE.
The discount in the “A” ordinary shares, which were listed initially at a 10% discount, kept increasing.
We've done a QIP issuance in 2010, a further rights issue in 2015, to improve the liquidity of the DVR’s on the stock exchanges.
And, we've also kind of got it included in the index and the F&O segment, but it’s not really helped and the significant discount and undervaluation in Tata Motors market cap has continued.
Yeah, in a nutshell, kind of we believe this proposal is a balanced one and is beneficial to all the stakeholders of Tata Motors.
On one hand, we have the “A” ordinary shareholders, where the DVR shares historically have traded at a deep discount because the market of that has not really evolved, the 30% discount that is proposed is, significantly better than what the historical trends have been.
What it also does is, historically, the ordinary share capital has been higher and the liquidity of ordinary shares is much better.
So the “A” ordinary shareholders moving to ordinary shareholder base will get much more liquidity for their shares.
So the “A” ordinary shareholders continue to benefit from the upsides or the growth story of Tata Motors even in future.
For ordinary shares, their economic rights are not impacted at all, but they benefit from the 4% EPS accretion that this transaction delivers.
It increases the free float of ordinary shares by 18%, so there's much more liquidity and, it enhances the public shareholder voting rights by 3%.
From a Tata Motors perspective, it's a culmination of the journey that we've been taking in terms of simplifying our share capital base.
We increase our market capitalization, remove the steep discount because of the “A” ordinary shares, cash neutral transaction and no impact on our net debt - NIL auto net debt targets.
So, I think two questions coming on both from Pramod and Rakesh on the how did you arrive at a 30% discount versus the 40% to 50% that's currently as shown in the PPT and also what the market has been trending.
Big one in India was the BS6 Phase 2 transition, as well as within PV, the Altroz, iCNG, “Oh my God, CNG” was the campaign, which I'm sure a lot of you have seen, doing very well for us.
At the outset, a very strong set of numbers coming through, and actually quite happy with the sequential momentum that is building in the business.
And, therefore, again, one more quarter where all three automotive verticals were delivering profitable numbers.
So, happy with the set of numbers coming through.
Revenue at 42% growth, PBT bei at ~Rs.
EBITDA of 14.4% up 700 bps, EBIT of 8.1% up 880 bps.
And for the first time in my memory, which we can we went back into the results, I don't think we recollect a quarter where we delivered positive free cash flows in the first quarter.
So all in all, very happy with the set of numbers that have come through.
30% of the 42% growth came from volume and mix and 8% from price.
And, of course, profitability came through from both JLR and commercial vehicles in a strong manner.
JLR actually, a standout performance in this quarter and CV continuing to pick up momentum.
PV had a steady quarter and I'm sure Shailesh is going to talk about that as well.
And again, net debt continuing to reduce further in this quarter as well and on track as far as whatever plans that we have laid out.
But PBT, all positive, EBIT, 8.6%, that is the highest EBIT that we have achieved in six years, and EBITDA, 16.3%, that is the highest EBITDA that we have achieved in eight years.
So our free cash flow in the quarter, GBP 451 million, an improvement of c. GBP1.2 billion over the same quarter last year.
So, a very positive move, leaves us with GBP 4.0 billion of cash, and an undrawn RCF of GBP1.5 billion.
It won the Autovista Award in the UK for the residual value, highest residual values among large SUVs.
And residual values are an extremely good indicator of brand strength.
So, we've grown this brand to a run rate of c.100,000 units with an extremely high RV over the past three or four years.
Tata Motors Limited July 25, 2023 And that does give us some confidence that when we come to do the same thing with Jaguar and reimagine that brand, that we will be able to generate some success.
So, whilst we understand there are lots of pressures in China, we're still showing a good performance.
Overseas for us remains extremely strong and North America also.
The UK has a specific issue in relation to moving from Q4 to Q1, because in Q4 there is the March registration plate in the UK, which always provides a boost in sales.
So, this shows the walk of PBT from the same quarter last year where we made a loss of GBP524 million to this quarter where we’re showing GBP435 million favourable.
And this is our continued drive to ensure that we’re selling strong, profitable vehicles.
So for example, on an annual basis, Range Rover itself moved from 8% of our mix to 18%, and Range Rover, Range Rover Sport and Defender moved from 45% to 63%.
Even within the P&A business, we’re showing considerable strength, partly that is due to the fact that the same quarter last year involved a shutdown in China, but also the recovery of our volume in recent quarters has created an increase in the size of the car park, the young car park in particular, and it’s that young car park which we penetrate more in terms of P&A sales.
So a strong performance from our P&A business generating in total GBP829 million worth of volume and mix.
Pricing for us also remains positive.
If you look in totality, it has a benefit of GBP197 million versus GBP78 million adverse on cost.
So GBP120 million favorable.
And even if you look at that over a two-year horizon until the back into the times before inflation took hold, the net of those two would be positive to the tune of around GBP80 million.
So we need to keep that contribution revenue minus contribution cost positive to make sure that at a total company level we’re even, and we believe we are.
So, within structural costs, we are starting to invest more in terms of FMI, that is fixed marketing, and that is a long lead effect in terms of lead generation and demand generation at the back end of this year.
So we're starting to invest now to ensure that we have the demand in the back end of this year and going into next year.
This is a quarter of strengthening sterling, about three points on the dollar.
Revaluation was positive, certainly on a quarter-by-quarter basis, but that's largely because the previous quarter Q1, FY23, saw a really big move in sterling and actually in that quarter there was a negative reval of GBP 112 million which is essentially reversing this time around.
That is the highest that we can see on record as well.
So, this is strong underlying cash flow not driven by working capital movements.
Our engineering capitalization rate is 61% in the quarter, up from 53% in the previous quarter.
But overall, if you look at a very smooth position, we would expect 50% to 60% capitalization.
We are not driving earnings by building up the balance sheet.
Been progressively growing, 2,300 per week in Q3, 2,600 and 2,800.
That will stay constant for a little bit of time, but we have a second body shop being installed as we speak in Solihull, which will increase our capacity by a further 30% in future quarters.
Tata Motors Limited July 25, 2023 down our 185,000 order bank, which, as we've said on previous calls, is very strong.
We're continuing to invest in our product.
It goes without saying, that the announcement last week was an honor for us to have the Chairman and Rishi here in Gaydon, and it's an honor for us to have a parent that is prepared to put such money into a factory in the UK to support JLR, which is a UK business.
It was a fantastic day for Tata and a fantastic day for JLR.
It is also absolutely symptomatic of the scope synergies that we can obtain by being part of the Tata ecosystem.
We do remain optimistic, but we do have to actively manage our industrial operation and supply base to make sure we continue production at the rates that we've got at the moment.
Inflation is starting to moderate, and that's good news for our business and good news for the economy worldwide.
So, if all goes as we expect, we might look at revising our P&L guidance upwards at that time.
There's a full range of BS6 Phase 2 vehicles that are in the market now and it's been an intense transition for us but I think it's finally ending well.
This started improving from June onwards and of course we intend to build this up as we go forward.
It is an unfinished agenda on the whole plan towards demand pull and we're very cognizant of the fact that we do grow both competitively and profitably as we go forward this year.
15% decline in the wholesales and 14% decline in retails and that's something part of it, we did signal in the last quarter when we said there is a fair amount of buildup that has happened because of the BS6 Phase 2 migration and we expect to see this now normalize as we go forward.
Despite the decline in wholesales of 14%, revenue is up 4% and we delivered a positive PBT before exceptional item of ~Rs.
And EBITDA was higher by 390 bps close to the doubledigit that we have been signaling which in a seasonally low quarter is a good starting point for the year and of course EBIT up 370 bps but losing operating leverage because of the marginal growth in revenue that you saw.
For us, I think there was a good growth in both EBITDA and EBIT margins by 380 and 350 bps over Q1 FY23, and essentially this happened on the back of both realization improvement, as well as cost reduction, which was also used to negate some of the increases when we migrated from BS6 Phase 1 to Phase 2.
We have upgraded the entire range for power-to-weight ratios.
We have upgraded the range for value enhancers, whether it is in connectivity, comfort and convenience, total cost of operation.
In terms of non-vehicle business, I think the revenue grew by around 25%, over the same quarter in previous year.
So, we continue to grow at a very high rate.
Now this is the third year when we are growing at a very brisk pace.
We continue to improve both our spares and service penetration in our own network as well as the retail net.
On the CNG price correction, with the implementation of Kirit Parikh Committee, we have seen some improvement in the retail salience in small commercial vehicles.
Nut we believe that as the message goes into the market and customers understand that there's going to be more dependability on the rates and the differential between diesel and CNG, I think gradually, CNG should pick up.
In terms of bright spots, I would say first of all, the sentiment index that we measure every quarter has inched up for the trucks and tippers both.
So, M&HCV sentiment index has gone up.
The small commercial vehicles has also gone up marginally after a few quarters of decline.
In the quarter gone by, I think, we had a good growth in M&HCV’s by around 3%.
And in the passenger carriers, good growth of 11.5% despite availability constraints.
So, I think, the passenger market now is back to the pre-COVID levels.
Tata Motors Limited July 25, 2023 In terms of digital, the contribution of digital lead generation and then conversion continue to increase over FY23.
As I said, entire product range migrated into BS6 Phase 2 with a lot of improvements in total cost of ownership, performance, connectivity, comfort and convenience.
And this, we believe, will be a major advantage for us going ahead.
We have also started field trials of the BS6 Phase 2 vehicles, which is also indicating a very good performance improvement over this BS6 Phase 1, and therefore good customer acceptance.
Going ahead, I think with improved availability in Q2, we will continue our focus on realization improvement and retail growth, which should drive our Vahan share recovery.
We will scale up the EV supplies now, both on the ACE electric vehicle and the electric buses.
We continue to grow in the downstream with consistent growth in the spares and service penetration.
Our focus is on maintaining market shares, improving margins.
And in fact, we have improved margins in the international business compared with Q1 of last year and also the entire last year.
And we are also improving the channel health, as the markets continue to operate at lower volumes.
Even in the new buses deployed, we are able to get an availability of more than 95% in the new depots.
And I think we have been focusing on developing the ecosystem, especially for ACE, we have now more than 31 EV support centers set up across the country.
So we are increasing the number of cities where we will make ACE-EV available.
We've ramped up the production capacity.
And as I said, we have more than 95% availability consistently over the past few weeks.
We also introduced the subscription models, which was very well received by the customers.
We have been consistently improving the engagement time with the increased insights that are being provided.
And apart from the insights, there are also a lot of nudges for performance improvement, which the fleet owners are finding very useful.
E-Dukaan, our online marketplace, it grew by 250% over Q1 of
So, as we increase the number of customers and retailers coming onto this platform, I think, this will continue to grow at a very high rate as we go ahead.
Overall numbers, draw your attention to the domestic market share of 14.2%, very happy with us consolidating our position in the face of significant competitive onslaught on multiple fronts.
So, happy to see this number starting to improve from here on.
And of course, other number to call out is the EV penetration, which is now at 14% of the portfolio, and CNG at 8% of the portfolio, both auger well for the future.
And the Vahan market share is maintained at 76% despite significant competitive intervention that happened during the quarter.
And of course, the infrastructure has continued to strengthen, and we'll continue to build on those.
On the financials, volumes grew 7.7%, revenue at 11%, and PBT bei of about Rs.
And EBIT - because of operating leverage increasing by 10 bps.
If you notice the PV business, we continuing to build EBITDA performance on a full-year basis where 8.5% and this quarter was 8.6%.
And the second is lithium prices were on the higher side for the last nine months, and we are seeing the reduction starting to come through from the current quarter onwards.
Quite confident that the second half of the year, you should see the EV business also coming to add to those numbers.
So, quite comfortable with the way this mix is.
Quarter one, FY 24 was strong from a wholesales growth perspective, 9% growth versus the same quarter last financial year.
EV wholesale has seen a very strong growth, 2.5x to what it was in the last financial year.
And it has touched nearly 27,000 for the first time.
SUV segment has seen multiple launches by various players, and consequently the salience has further increased by 6%, now touching nearly 47%.
Of course, this has come at the cost of hatches and sedan also, to some extent, going down.
Coming to Tata Motors, PV and EV, we continue to be a very strong number three player.
And as Balaji mentioned, that we have further increased our market share to 14.2% despite several competitive launch activities that we have been seeing specifically in the SUV space.
After more than a decade, I would say, we attained number two position in hatches.
And this is coming out of the way the multi-power train strategy has unfolded for us, Tiago EV and Altroz CNG with the twin-cylinder technology that we launched has been really taken well in the market, and both these products are doing really good.
And that has really led us to increase our volumes, market share in hatches, and of course the rank.
As far as EVs are concerned, in-line with the industry, we also more than doubled our volumes as compared to where we were in the same quarter last financial year, touching 19,000 plus.
Going forward the bright spots that we see that there is a strong booking pipeline in the industry.
EV adoption is now growing beyond the top 20 cities, I think, the bias is now moving to other parts of the country, and that's a good sign in terms of how the EV sales will grow from here.
Demand in South and West should step-up with the beginning of the festive season in the second half of this quarter.
So, these are the bright spots that we see in this quarter, quarter two.
As far as Tata Motors is concerned, Altroz iCNG, which we launched in May, has been very well received and we have a very strong booking pipeline.
Tiago EV, also supported by IPL and the awareness that it created for this product, has also been seeing very strong bookings.
We have also launches planned in the coming months, adding additional trim because we have been really watching in every segment which are the price points where the velocity of demand is more, and therefore we have been coming with creative trims to really help us grow our volumes and a few of them are going to come in this quarter also.
As far as challenges are concerned, we know that already last financial year was a high base, and therefore that impact is going to come in terms of growth rates.
So, therefore, there will be demand which will be more stronger in quarter three as compared to quarter two.
Therefore, the channel inventory is likely to grow slightly ahead of the festive season.
And as that with EV and CNG, both these products are really doing good and I've seen significant growth.
Tata Motors Limited July 25, 2023 in contrary, we are seeing in the industry the hatches are under pressure, but we have been growing and enhancing our market share.
We are committed to overcome the margin gap that we have versus the benchmark and we are driving a very institutionalized cost reduction program in the company for the last two- three years.
And every year we have been getting significant cost reduction.
EVs, we have several tailwinds from a margin improvement perspective.
Some of them Balaji mentioned, but there's also a lot of new generation aggregates at a lesser cost also that is going to kickin for us and a lot of localization activities, which is also going to add to some of the other tailwinds that was mentioned earlier.
We are back to profitability at INR22 crores, not good enough, but it's a start.
And therefore, the focus on portfolio quality and pricing discipline on new disbursals is definitely yielding results.
And the business is on track to deliver the double-digit ROE in the medium term that we had called out.
And its focus will be on NIM’s, which are already improving, lowering credit losses, which is on track, and tight controls on costs that continues.
Credit ratings continue to improve.
Overall, looking ahead, I think we remain optimistic on the demand, despite near-term uncertainties.
And inflation, we do expect to be moderate.
And this momentum will build through the year as we factor in seasonality, improved supplies, RDE impact, and the new PV launches, no change from what we called out last time.
And therefore, we do aim to sustain on this performance and deliver a strong performance on a full-year basis.
Adrian Mardell And the demand, yeah look, demand's actually been steady proportionally overall, the overall the base is falling as we said it would.
I think the major increase came from the cell prices in the second half of last financial year, continuing till the last quarter.
And this was nearly a 35% jump that we had seen, but it is now moderating.
And the good news is that, in the H2, this is going to release significant margin benefit.
It has already seen a sharp recovery to the numbers that we were seeing in the H1 of FY23.
And the tailwinds on the external factors which were impacting the profitability is going to now kind of help us in going forward.
So, these have been the reasons, but not of concern, because tailwinds are in favor of EV segment, and there are a lot of cost reductions also on top of that, that we have been working on through localization and also going into the generation two aggregates, which are at lesser costs.
So, we do expect the second quarter demand to be more than that of the Q2 of last year.
The ILMCV segment will grow the least.
And the passenger segment will grow the maximum, is what it appears right now.
We are also expecting the HCV segment, the heavy commercial vehicle segment to grow in double-digits.
And specifically this year, I think some of the states have seen a higher amount of rain.
That would be seen in the demand, but I think as the rains subside, we will see a good pickup in demand.
Now, as far as market share versus profitability, I think as we have communicated earlier also, we are going to grow profitably.
And, how will we get our market share back is by delivering value through superior products.
So, I think we are focusing squarely on delivering higher value to the customers.
As I mentioned in my talk earlier in the presentation, I think, we have upgraded the entire range bumperto-bumper, from the smallest vehicle to biggest vehicle.
So, a lot of improvements done in the total cost of ownership, we've improved a lot of value enhancers in the product, which will therefore deliver value to the customer.
So, we will squarely focus on delivering better value to the customer, and followed by then communicating this value.
For communicating this value, we are focusing on a lot of ATL, as well as brand building activities, followed by very unique, as I said, influencer advocacy, where we had a huge number of influencers who actually drove the vehicle and gave very positive reviews about the vehicles.
And, also we have started leveraging our Fleet Edge to actually improve the delivered benefit on ground, right?
So Fleet Edge insights is helping customers to actually achieve better fluid economy or fuel efficiency.
And this coupled with our Sampoorna Seva Service package, I mean, we will deliver a peace of mind to the customer.
And with this, we will focus on profitable growth.
So, I think, our fundamental approach is to deliver more value to the customer.
And once that value is experienced by the customer, then go on increasing the realization.
How are volumes likely to be there, and is it then strong enough to deliver the 400,000 plus that you had guided in the year?
Are you going to up your margins thereafter?
But we've already built up from our production actuals last quarter of 103,000 units.
China growth expectations is improving as per industry experts.
Adrian Mardell So, China, we'll sell more units in China this fiscal year than last fiscal year.
Again, our big three products, Range Rover, Range Rover Sport and Defender are selling very well into China, and we expect they will continue to do so through the balance of the quarters, certainly through calendar year 2023.
So we do see demand increase in the second half of the year, effectively, as we supply more units.
We will increase retails with more fulfillment.
We're particularly strong at the moment around those three products.
So, particularly strong on our big three products in those three regions.
We have the ability to stimulate more orders by marketing means.
On RM costs, what kind of reduction do you expect in Q2 considering the recent drop in precious metals and base metals?
And I think it appears that the prices more or less will go back to the level of Q4 of last year.
So, from Q4 to Q1, we had an increase in the steel prices.
So, you can imagine the kind of benefit that would be there.
In addition to this, we are also seeing reduction in the prices of batteries for electric vehicles that’s an additional advantage that we will be seeing.
Shailesh Chandra Yeah, regarding PLI, I think we are the first four-wheeler manufacturer to have filed the application with the certification agency, and in the coming months, we believe that as per the new SOP that has been released by MHI, we should be able to get the benefit.
So, hoping that in the second half of the year, we should start realizing the benefit.
Tata Motors Limited July 25, 2023 Richard Molyneux Look, we are seeing likewise some favorable, particularly in Aluminum and some other metals.
We sort of expect the dynamic in the second half of the year to be slightly lower material costs, but very slightly increasing VME as well.
So one thing on R&D capitalization, Richard, at your end went to 61%, a bit of flavor around it, and what do you see to be a stable number?
And it's pretty clear the data says above those levels, whether you be Daimler with their EQS or BMW with their IX, above those levels, they are selling much stronger in traditional ICE than they are in BEV at this point in time.
PHEV actually hasn't taken off in China at these levels.
So, we're confident with our product offering.
We're good with the timeline.
So, we feel good about our product plan and the introduction of those BEVs at this point in time.
So, there is definitely VME pressure, which is building up, especially on the entry side.
While on the other hand, the SUVs are going very strong with very less need for any VME.
Fortunately for us, in hatches, as I said, that we are doing well because of our multi-powertrain strategy.
Our preference would be increasing fixed marketing, but it's certain on some of our nameplates, variable marketing will increase as well.
Not back to previous levels, by the way, we won't be variable marketing 4%, 5%, and even 6%, which is where we were at a point in time before COVID, but it will increase.
And I think we feel the opportunity, not for that two or three percentage points to hurt us actually, that they'll generate and stimulate higher demand.
But we also think as we build more cars, which we will do in the second half of the year that will help with our plans, manufacturing efficiencies, as well as the supply costs.
And we also think there's a little bit more to go in terms of improvements on product quality and warranty costs as well.
So our intention will be to offset those two to three percentage points on marketing with cost reductions of two to three percentage points across those three areas, Balaji.
Shailesh Chandra Yeah, I think, a lot is coming from the quarter one result, but I must clarify here that the outlook of margins of EV is very, going to be very strong.
One, the cell prices are recovering to the levels where it was in H1 and the impacts should start, being felt from this quarter itself, number one.
Number two, as I said, that PLI is going to be a big addition to the margin, and we are confident that we are adhering to all the requirements for the eligibility as has been laid down by the Ministry.
There's a, localization that we have been working on for the last two years, and that is going to yield us significant benefits from a cost reduction perspective.
As I said, there are new generation aggregates, which are also going to come in this financial year, which are at significantly lower costs.
And therefore, I'm very confident that in the medium term, within this year, I would say with all the combination of all these factors, the outlook for margin of EV business is going to be very strong.
And therefore, we have taken that opportunity to really start expanding our network in those smaller cities through a shop-in-shop concept.
As we are expanding in these cities, we are also therefore
The Range Rover itself has higher loyalty rates than our other brands.
And while doing so, we did make a lot of changes in the vehicle, including the platform, the power-to-weight ratios, the new technologies being added, as also some of the new value enhancement that we have given in this product.
The basic purpose behind doing this is to increase the value that we will continue to deliver.
This was a major transition point which we have leveraged to add these value enhancers in the product.
Now, going ahead, as I said, we will leverage the higher value being delivered.
We will establish that value on the ground, which will be used towards realization improvement.
So, the customer is going to get higher value, and I think with this kind of product superiority, we will also be able to get our market shares back, so that's the plan going ahead.
So, we have stock going up by 10,000 units.
And that's what gives us a positive in the quarter.
We just got the approval from the DRHP perspective from SEBI.
