This performance was in a seasonally weak quarter for us and amid a changing global economy.
Our voluntary quarterly annualized attrition continues to decline steadily and reduced by 6 percentage points sequentially to well below 20% for this quarter.
Some areas such as mortgages and investment banking and financial services industry, telco, high-tech and retail are more impacted and that is leading to delays in decision-making and uncertainty in spending in these areas.
Utilization, excluding trainees, reduced to 81.7%, reflecting seasonality and employees joining the bench post completion of their training.
Quarterly annualized attrition continued to trend downwards and reduced further by another 6% during the quarter.
This is the lowest quarterly annualized attrition in the past seven quarters.
Consequently, LTM attrition reduced to 24.3% as compared to 27.1% in Q2.
This was offset by headwinds of - 30 basis points from higher SG&A and - the balance 80 basis points due to seasonal weakness in operating parameters, higher third-party costs, furloughs etcetera.
Consolidated cash and investments declined from $4.79 bn last quarter to $3.91 bn, consequent to $1.32 bn being returned to investors towards interim dividend and buyback.
Growth in Financial Services was impacted due to a higher-than-normal furloughs and some specific project closures.
Retailers are seeing uncertainty on consumer spending as a result of high inflation, high interest rates and softer economy.
However, cost pressures and economic concerns continue on the client side impacting discretionary budgets.
We continue to see caution around budget and spending for consumers in the Hi-tech segment, especially around discretionary spend areas.
It looks like Mr. Katri’s line is dropped.
How should we think of this cost, do you think this incremental $69 mn will be a sticky number out there or do you think it’s sort of representing the headwind -- instead come-
But outside of the industries that we discussed before, where there is some impact, we see huge cost automation, cost efficiency plays across all industry segments.
Because if you look at the broader market commentary, and you have also highlighted retail as one of the weaker areas, whereas you got seven large deals in retail.
And you have seen at 81.7% - this is probably, I think, one of the lowest in the last three to four years since I've been here.
And historically, this is one lever which always used to drag down, repeatedly, due to discounts on renewals, et cetera.
Salil, during some of the previous macro uncertainties like Brexit, within a few weeks of the vote, we had seen some of our large clients canceling and ramping down projects.
This time, even on the tough comps, the pace of growth moderation is much lower than what many people have been anticipating.
We were kind of concerned over slippages, maybe a month or two, budget delays.
On the budget, so far, we have seen, in some clients and especially in the industries we have called out, some areas where there has been slowness in deciding or some changes, especially on some discretionary work.
That is in the range where we do - some quarters it's lower, some quarters higher, but these numbers are not unusual.
And is there any difference in profitability levels here in terms of these projects versus some of these projects that you've been doing in the past few years?
The headline growth seems to sort of slipped down to close to low double digits, whereas the Y/Y growth has been led by very strong performance in Europe and manufacturing.
Do you worry about the US business it is sort of slower than Europe it is not the case in the rest of the industry then many of your peers?
So we always see that the initial part of the deals will be lower-than-portfolio margins.
One, I wanted to basically get an idea on -- I mean you've seen attrition coming down in this quarter quite sharply.
And as you mentioned in your opening remarks as well, so how do you see the trend of this attrition going forward, of course, downwards?
And which pockets of those geographies do you think are looking more softer?
I mean, during the year, whether it was stretched hiring on laterals, whether it was the compensation hikes we did, that really impacted our year-on-year margin story.
In the countries we operate in, we see some slowing, some economic impact in Germany.
But relatively, Europe seems a little bit more impacted today than certainly the US.
If I look at your commentary around regions in North America versus Europe, Europe looks more cautious overall.
So, do you think this impact of the cautiousness is yet to reflect in the numbers and you see more growth trajectory will be a little more affected, going forward, in your thoughts around that?
Sameer Dosani So the outlook -- I mean, do you think the outlook that you're giving will reflect in the numbers in medium term in the next two quarters because till now, it has been an outperformer versus the overall portfolio?
This is like our slowest ever since we have been giving this time series on digital revenue.
And lastly, if I can, the margin impact of furlough was too high in the quarter.
Our voluntary quarterly annualized attrition continues to decline.
It was reduced by 6 percentage points sequentially to well below 20% for this quarter.
Some areas such as mortgages and investment banking in the Financial Services industry, Telco, Hi-Tech, and Retail are more impacted, and that is leading to delays in decision-making and uncertainty in spending in these areas.
What about furloughs, were they lower than what you were expecting from your comments in the last quarter?
Also, we have seen a significant rupee depreciation during the quarter, and yet the margins have more or less remained flat.
And a word on attrition and hiring as well – do you expect it to continue to trend lower?
I think it is the lowest in the last five quarters.
And also, hiring is lower than the previous quarter – is it because you are anticipating lower growth?
So, we see attrition continuing to go down.
So, on margins, we are at 21.5%, and that is flat sequentially.
A follow-on question on attrition that is coming down sharply.
So one is, of course, as you know, if you have seen our utilization, in fact, that came as a headwind for us.
And I think our utilization at about 81.7% is one of the lowest we have had.
Do you foresee a slowdown in deal closures?
And part of that has been the high inflation we have seen in these economies as well and also because of the compensation hike.
Of course, things like discounts have actually come down over the years.
There are parts of it, for example, mortgages and investment banking, where we are seeing some constraints on what they are doing with their business.
So, do you expect client spending to come down in Q4 and whether this includes reduction in workforce?
On the freshers, I think the 50,000, we are short of that now, but I think we should be around that number by the time we end the year.
Is it largely because even in the existing projects, clients want to ramp down, want to bring down the number of billed resources or why is it exactly?
And therefore, overall, there is obviously less in that.
Salil, for you the question is, the per employee consolidated revenue declined further to $54,000 level, down over 6% Y-o-Y.
However, the number of active $100 million-plus customers reduced by one during the quarter.
Is that a factor of uncertainty coming from North America and Europe?
And do you expect large deals to remain muted or even decline through the next quarter?
But from a productive perspective, we have seen that utilization factor come down by only about one and a half percent during the quarter.
cost transformation deals have gone up, why is the core revenue down in reported terms?
And what are the reasons that drove large deals even as you said there were delays in decision-making?
We see the economic environment across the world slowing.
Within that, relatively, Europe seems to be more slowing than the US today.
Your revenues from North America have declined sequentially and they have improved only marginally in Europe in Q3.
