TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES BSE LIMITED NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE January 17, 2023 Dear Sir/ Madam, Sub: Transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Meeting of Board of directors on January 12, 2023 Please find enclosed the transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Board meeting held on January 12, 2023, for your information and records.
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2022-2023/q3.html at The audio/video recordings of the press conference and earnings call are also made available on the Company’s website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/20222023/q3.html Yours Sincerely, For Infosys Limited signed by SURYANARAYANA Digitally SURYANARAYANA ANUR ANUR GURUGOPALA GURUGOPALA RAJU MANIKANTHA RAJU MANIKANTHA Date: 2023.01.17 09:10:02 +05'30' A.G.S.
Manikantha Company Secretary INFOSYS LIMITED CIN: L85110KA1981PLC013115 44, Infosys Avenue Electronics City, Hosur Road Bengaluru 560 100, India T 91 80 2852 0261 F 91 80 2852 0362 investors@infosys.com www.infosys.com
“Infosys Limited Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” January 12, 2023 C O R P O R AT E PA RT I C I PA N T S : Salil Parekh Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director Nilanjan Roy Chief Financial Officer Sandeep Mahindroo Financial Controller & Head Investor Relations A N A LY S T S / I N V E S T O R S Nitin Padmanabhan Investec Bryan Bergin Cowen Apurva Prasad HDFC Securities Mukul Garg Motilal Oswal Financial Services Sudheer Guntupalli Kotak Mahindra AMC Moshe Katri Wedbush Securities Pankaj Kapoor CLSA
Ankur Rudra J.P. Morgan Vibhor Singhal Nuvama Equities.
Sameer Dosani ICICI Prudential AMC Rahul Jain Dolat Capital Girish Pai Nirmal Bang Securities.
Moderator Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Infosys Limited Earnings Conference Call.
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal and operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone telephone.
After today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask question.
To ask a question you may press “*” then “1” on your telephone keypad.
To withdraw your question please press “*” then “2”.
Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo.
Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Sandeep Mahindroo Thanks, Inba.
Hello, everyone, and welcome to Infosys earnings call to discuss Q3 FY23 financial results.
Joining us here on this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Nilanjan Roy and other members of the senior management team.
We will start the call with some remarks on the performance of the company by Salil and Nilanjan, subsequent to which we will open up the call for questions.
Kindly note that anything which we say that refers to our future outlook is a forwardlooking statement that must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company faces.
A full statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which can be found on www.sec.gov.
I now like to pass it on to Salil.
Salil Parekh Thanks, Sandeep.
Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call.
Thank you for joining us.
With 32 large deals, this is the largest number of large deals in our history, 36% of this is net new.
They trust us to partner with them through the complexity of managing this change because of our differentiated capabilities.
Our industry-leading cloud offering, Cobalt, is playing a key role in helping them navigate the digital transformation.
Our operating margin for the first nine months of FY23 was at 21%, in-line with our margin guidance.
The signs around us, around the slowing global economy are visible.
We are keeping a close watch on the global economy.
We are retaining our operating margin guidance for FY23 at 21% to 22%.
We anticipate to be at the lower end of this range.
Thank you.
And with that, let me request Nilanjan to share other updates.
Nilanjan Roy Thanks, Salil.
Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining this call.
Free cash flow for the quarter was $576 mn, a conversion of 72% of net profit.
YTD FCF was $1.8 bn, which is implying a conversion of 81% of net profits.
7 large deals were in Retail, 6 each in Financial Services and Communications, 5 each in EURS and Manufacturing, 2 in Life Sciences and 1 in Hi-Tech.
Region-wise, this was split by 25 in the Americas, 5 in Europe and 2 in the rest of the world.
We are helping clients across engineering, IoT, supply chain, cloud ERP and digital transformation, including helping clients accelerate their journey to the cloud.
Operating margin guidance band remains at 21% - 22% for the year.
And as mentioned previously, we expect to be at the lower end of the range.
With that, we can open the call for questions.
Moderator Thank you very much.
We will now begin the question-and-answer session.
The first question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities.
Please go ahead.
In the meanwhile, we will move to our next question, that is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec.
Please go ahead.
Nitin Padmanabhan Yes.
Hi, good evening and thank you for the opportunity.
off going forward?
And is this sort of a pass-through in nature, that is the second sort of clarification on the same thing?
Thank you.
Nilanjan Roy Yes, Nitin.
So the $69 mn is a combination of software, it is other deals which we do which have DaaS etcetera.
It could be infrastructure.
So, these are part of our integrated services offering.
These come with both manpower component and sometimes they also come with an attachment of these services.
So that is the way we do it.
It’s an integral part of our service offering.
Nitin Padmanabhan Sure.
So it is a pass-through in nature in a way, is that correct?
So, in the new operating model, this is sort of sticky thing that continues, is that assessment fair – longer time?
Nilanjan Roy Like I said this is integrated with our services offering, so they are not just standalone deals we do, they come with the service element as well.
So that is the way you have to look at these deals.
Nitin Padmanabhan Sure, fair enough.
Thank you so much and all the best.
Moderator Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen.
Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin
Hi, good evening.
Thank you.
Why don’t you just clarify some comments around demand?
I am really just trying to understand if you think there has been a real change to spending and contracting there or more broadly the same?
Salil Parekh Hi, thanks for the question.
What we are seeing today, in addition to what we said last quarter, for example in financial services beyond mortgages, we see the investment banking side of our clients as well are showing an impact of the economic environment; and they are in telco, hi-tech and retail, in some clients.
So, we do not see a material change, but there are within financial services one more area that we see some of the impact coming in.
Bryan Bergin Okay, that is helpful.
We see the focus which we had on transformation continue.
And within all of those discussions, we see areas where there is vendor consolidation.
The approach we have put in place is similar to what we have had in the past.
over the last several quarters, many clients are looking at us, when they start to narrow the list in their vendor consolidation.
Bryan Bergin Okay.
Thank you very much.
Moderator Thank you.
The next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities.
Please go ahead.
Apurva Prasad Good evening.
Thank you for taking my question.
Salil, I'm not asking for any guidance for '24 or ahead, but would appreciate your comments.
And generally, the visibility that you have for the year ahead, so how different would it be versus typically this time of the year?
So perhaps any comments on pipeline or pipeline-to-TCV conversion?
Salil Parekh Thanks for the question.
I think, as you rightly said, we are not in a position to provide the guidance for the year, which starts in April.
Apurva Prasad Got it.
And Salil, we called out IB, mortgage and parts of telecom, hi-tech and retail, is there any vertical trend for deals between transformation, the ones that are transformation in nature and deals that are more on the cost optimization across verticals?
And the second part to that is, do you see any moderation in new client acquisition channel with more vendor consolidation deals happening?
The cost efficiency plays everywhere.
So we see that even in programs let's say, in the energy sector or manufacturing.
So that is how we see that play right now.
Apurva Prasad And Salil, on the other part on the new client acquisition, with more vendor consolidation rates.
What we are seeing is on several discussions, clients are looking, especially if they have six or seven vendors, they want to narrow it down to one or two or three, and we are appearing to be beneficiaries in quite a few of those discussions.
Apurva Prasad Got it.
Thank you and all the best.
Salil Parekh Thank you.
Moderator Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
Please go ahead.
Mukul Garg Sure.
So Salil, I have two questions.
What we mean by some of the industry callouts, for example, retail or telco, is, there are some clients, it is not everyone in that industry, but there are some clients which are getting impacted by the economic environment.
We have been quite focused, we have a broader portfolio.
So for example, you saw that in retail, we have those large deals there, it is a mix between transformation and cost efficiency automation.
And so many times when clients feel an impact of the economic environment, there might be a greater need for the cost efficiency play as well.
Mukul Garg Right.
And another question was on the margin side.
You guided for margins of 21%22% band, with margins towards the lower end.
Because if you look at Q4, obviously, Q3 also had the pass-through business, which got impacted.
I'm assuming, as Nilanjan mentioned, there was some seasonality into that.
Nilanjan Roy Yes.
So I think like we mentioned, the reason for Q3 margins, we have already given the breakdown.
So as we look ahead, see the levers which we have, one is, utilization.
So that is one lever which we will have.
We were 11% plus, we are at 8.7%.
Historically, we have been at 7%.
And as of now, we have not seen that at all.
Automation – in terms of our own workforce continuing to operate that and that is a steady lever which we have.
So we are continuing to use these levers as we look ahead, and we will continue to deploy them.
Mukul Garg Right.
Nilanjan Roy So we have given a guidance for the year.
You have seen in the first nine months, and that should give a good indication of what could Q4 be.
Mukul Garg Fair enough.
Thanks for taking my question.
I’ll get back into the queue.
Moderator
Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra Asset Management.
Please go ahead.
Sudheer Guntupalli Good evening gentlemen.
So having seen the previous three to four macro downturns, how do you nuance the current cycle, especially on the variable of the resilience of IT service spends?
Salil Parekh So, thanks for the question.
It's always difficult to compare across cycles.
From the perspective of Infosys, my sense is what you mentioned earlier, we are still seeing the pace of change when there is change within an industry or a client to be not rapid.
Sudheer Guntupalli Sure.
Thanks Salil.
Is that a correct interpretation?
Salil Parekh The way we see it is we have both components of -- at least the two large components the clients are looking for, we have good industry-leading capability.
So it's really a function of how a specific industry or subindustry or a client will evolve.
But we have positioned ourselves to make sure that we can support our clients in that area.
Sudheer Guntupalli Sure.
Thanks Salil.
Moderator Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities.
Please go ahead.
I have a three-part question.
Are you seeing any of that or you think that budget will be awarded or finalized as on time this time?
Salil Parekh Thanks Moshe.
So we mentioned hi-tech, for example or mortgages or bank, investment banking.
So all of those ones that we mentioned before.
But we don't see a broad-based change.
So, it is not like one answer that it’s a little bit by industry or sub industry somewhat different.
Moshe Katri Understood.
And then you, in the press conference, you mentioned that about a 1/3 of your new or 1/3 of TCV came in from new logos.
Can you remind us, is this within the range of what you've seen in the past in terms of mix of new logos versus renewals?
Salil Parekh Referring to the large deals, $3.3 bn, there was 36% net new.
Moshe Katri Okay.
And then the final question is for Nilanjan.
Obviously, this is what you're seeing.
Are these deals typically less dependent on clients' budgets, given the fact that you're taking over a specific function with the objective of reducing delivery costs?
Thank you.
Salil Parekh So in that, I think the way you described it, these are not fully correlated with the budget of a client.
It sometimes gets coupled with vendor consolidation.
Moshe Katri That is very helpful.
Thank you.
Moderator Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Pankaj Kapoor from CLSA.
Please go ahead.
Pankaj Kapoor Yes.
Hi.
Thanks for the opportunity.
So, my first question is on the smaller deals, which are less than, say, $50 mn TCV.
If you can give some qualitative color on how your win and pipeline in that basket has been moving?
Salil Parekh Thanks for the question.
We don’t typically disclose much about those deals.
Pankaj Kapoor Understood.
And Salil my second question is on these cost takeout deals.
Can you give some sense on how the pricing in such deals behaving?
Typically, it is really a function of what type of focus that clients have, which industry they are in, as we have not seen, at least in Q3, in the deals that we have closed in the discussion we have had, a big change on that.
Pankaj Kapoor
Thank you and wish you all the best for ’24.
Moderator Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from J.P. Morgan.
Please go ahead.
I'm going to try Pankaj's question in a different way.
You mentioned in previous calls that the mix of deals was changing in favor of smaller deals.
Do you think the mix of deals is still the same as it was in the last year before this quarter?
Salil Parekh Hi, Ankur this is Salil.
I am not clear on the mix of deals on the previous discussions.
There are some quarters in which there are disproportionate number of larger-sized deals.
But in general, we do not have a pattern in that, at least that is evident in Q3 here.
Ankur Rudra Okay.
All right.
The next question I wanted to check, Salil, again, was on the US business.
have had.
Nilanjan Roy I mean out of our 32 large deals this quarter, 25 were actually in the Americas.
Ankur Rudra Understood.
Maybe a last question over here was on pricing and contract profitability in the projects you are winning right now, especially the large number of big deals this time you signed.
How is that trending?
Nilanjan Roy These are for the new deal signings?
Ankur Rudra Yes, new deal signings this quarter.
Nilanjan Roy No, I don't think anything is unusual.
But nothing unusual on the trends.
Ankur Rudra Okay.
Appreciate it.
Thank you for the color and best of luck.
Moderator Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities.
Please go ahead.
Vibhor Singhal Hello.
Yes.
Hi.
So, Salil my question -- I have just two questions.
Again, not asking for objective guidance of a number.
Or do you think most of the impact of this is already built into the numbers that we have currently?
And my second question was majorly on the geography of Europe.
So just wanted to pick your brain on how the conversations with the clients are happening in that part of geography, specifically if you could maybe break up between Continental Europe, Eastern Europe and in the UK?
Or is there more of delayed decision-making in that part of the geography?
Nilanjan Roy I'll take the first one on the lower attrition.
Absolutely, we have seen this coming down.
And like we said, even in the future in the next quarter, at least until -- what we are seeing the latest initial figures we are seeing this coming down.
Salil Parekh On Europe, I think the way we see - some 25% of our business in Europe, and we have a few countries.
There is some in the UK, less so in the Nordic countries at this stage.
But overall, the coloring is a little bit more by the industries that we mentioned earlier in the call, which are across sort of on a global perspective.
Vibhor Singhal Got it.
If I can just maybe drill down just a little bit more, any specific color that you can provide on European Retail and European Manufacturing segments?
Vibhor Singhal Got it.
And the softness in retail, do you believe it is, as of now, confined to the retail stores and maybe percolate, and you could in your discussion with clients, do you see percolating down to the CPG companies and probably other ones as well?
But as of now, if you it is limited to more of the retail stores that we are talking about?
Salil Parekh So within retail, we have not called out any specific subsegment, at least in our commentary.
We have not gone down to that granularity in our public statements.
Vibhor Singhal
All right.
Got it.
Thanks for taking my questions and wish you all the best.
Moderator Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Sameer Dosani from ICICI Prudential Asset Management.
Please go ahead.
Sameer Dosani Thanks a lot.
Just one question around Europe again.
Salil Parekh I think, in Europe, there is two different things.
The commentary or the view is more to share what we are seeing just in the economic activity.
And again, we see the coloring more by industry, which is a little bit global as, opposed to just specifically across the board in a geography.
Thanks.
Salil Parekh So there, we have given a view on outlook only up until March this year, so we will come up with a guidance for the next financial year at the end of this quarter.
Sameer Dosani Okay and that is it from my side.
Thanks.
Moderator Thank you.
Our next question is from the line of Girish Pai from Nirmal Bang Equities.
Please go ahead.
Mr. Girish Pai, could you please unmute and go ahead with your questions?
As there is no response from this connection, we will move to our next question, that is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital.
Please go ahead.
Rahul Jain Yes.
Hi.
Thanks for the opportunity.
Is it led by a few very crucial deals?
Or it's more holistic?
And why it's different in the US?
Salil Parekh So, thanks for the question.
Within the industry, we don't typically comment on a client, multi-client level activity.
Rahul Jain Okay.
And another thing was on digital revenue.
So is this a bit worrying?
Or is it more because of the furlough and any other factor?
Salil Parekh So there, it's partially due to some of the changes that we were discussing earlier where in certain industries and sub industries.
We see much more attention to the economic environment.
And there, we see some of the digital or transformation work being
slower, where we see much more focus across the board on the cost and automation plays.
Rahul Jain Got it.
How has this shaped up in the current month?
Are these clients resumed to normalcy now?
Or the pain remains extended in Q4 as well?
Nilanjan Roy So we will have to see how it goes, it is a bit too early to say what is going to be the Q4 outlook on that.
Rahul Jain Okay.
That is it from my side.
Thank you so much.
Moderator Our next question is from the line of Girish Pai from Nirmal Bang Securities.
Girish Pai Yes.
Thank you for the opportunity.
Salil Parekh So, thanks for the question.
We don’t typically comment on the deal tenure in terms of public statements.
Nilanjan Roy Like I said, our offering is quite holistic.
In some cases, many of the cloud-based deals come with services, there could be licenses, there could be DaaS.
So more and more integrated deals.
And then you go to IT as a Service, which is really sort of very holistic, we could see this.
But I mean, it may vary from quarter to quarter, you could have some quarters which are up.
But there's nothing to say that in the long run where this is going.
It's a bit early to say that.
Girish Pai Okay.
And lastly, from a competitive landscape perspective in the vendor consolidation deals, who are the ones losing out?
Are these the global MNCs or these are typically Tier 2 vendors?
Salil Parekh Again, on those, we don't specifically comment on where we are getting the benefit of the consolidation.
Girish Pai Ok, thank you very much.
Moderator Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question.
I now hand the conference back to the management for closing comments.
Salil Parekh Thank you, everyone, for joining us.
Thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to catching up during the quarter.
Thank you.
Moderator Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Infosys Limited, that concludes this conference.
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.
“Infosys Limited Q3 FY23 Media Conference Call” January 12, 2023 C O R P O R AT E PA RT I C I PA N T S : Salil Parekh Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Nilanjan Roy Chief Financial Officer Rishi Basu (Emcee) Corporate Communications JOURNALISTS Ritu Singh CNBC TV18 Anisha Jain ET Now Sajeet Manghat BQ Prime Kushal Gupta Zee Business Harshada Sawant CNBC Awaaz Nandan Mandayam Reuters Uma Kannan The New Indian Express 1
Haripriya Suresh Moneycontrol Veena Mani The Times of India Sai Ishwar The Economic Times Ayushman Baruah The Financial Express Haripriya Sureban The Hindu BusinessLine Jochelle Mendonca ET Prime Shouvik Das Mint Shivani Shinde Business Standard Reshab Shaw Informist Debasis Mohapatra Deccan Herald Rohit Chintapali Businessworld Harichandan Arakali Forbes 2
Thank you for joining Infosys' Third Quarter Financial Results.
My name is Rishi, and on behalf of Infosys, I'd like to welcome all of you.
Over the next hour with our management, we are going to have our financial results commentary.
We request one question from each media house so that we can accommodate everyone over the next hour.
As always, we will start with broadcast media and then move on to our other friends from media who are present here.
With that, let me invite our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh, for his opening remarks.
Over to you, Salil.
Salil Parekh Thanks, Rishi.
Good afternoon, and welcome to everyone who is here on the campus and everyone who is joining us online.
We continue to take market share.
With 32 large deals, this is the largest number of large deals in a quarter in our history, 36% of this is net new.
We are keeping a close watch on the global economy.
year, despite the changing global conditions.
We anticipate to be at the lower end of this range.
Thank you.
With that, Rishi, let's open up for questions.
Rishi Basu Thank you, Salil.
We will open the floor for questions.
Joining Salil is Mr. Nilanjan Roy, Chief Financial Officer, Infosys.
With that, we have the first question from Ritu Singh from CNBC TV18.
Why the revision up?
What is the reason for that?
And any visibility you have on the FY'24 growth?
Because you are talking about this difficult macro environment and yet you revised up your guidance.
So, what are you hearing from clients in terms of their budgets?
Any comment on that as well?
Salil Parekh Thanks for the questions.
I will try to get through most of them.
On some of the points on margin, Nilanjan will jump in as well.
On the guidance, our focus is really on what we see as we closed out the quarter.
The point we made also is we do see that there are changes in the economic environment.
We have called out, for example in Financial Services, beyond mortgages, investment banking; we have called out the Telco sector; we have called out Hi-Tech and Retail.
helping.
And of course, the overall environment is also changing in the market.
On FY'24, we have no comments at this stage.
We will absolutely look at it at the end of the quarter in Q4.
And we are making sure that all of that hiring goes through our various training and is ready for deployment.
Nilanjan Roy Yes.
A couple of reasons, and first you mentioned about the benefits of currency.
So, that was one tailwind for us.
And the balance, about 80 basis points, was traditional seasonality in the quarter, furloughs, partly because of our third-party costs.
So, these are balance, 80 bps.
So that is a broad walk about a flat 21.5% margin within our guidance, as you know, of 21%- 22%.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Anisha Jain from ET Now.
Anisha sends us her questions on text.
And could you give us a bit more insight on the trends you are witnessing in Europe and for verticals like BFSI and Hi-Tech?
And Nilanjan, for you, there is a question on margin, which you just answered.
How are the pulls and pushes stacked for margins?
Salil Parekh Thanks, Rishi.
We are not commenting obviously on the financial year '24 and what the guidance or growth in that year will look like.
What we do see in terms of demand environment is what I shared earlier.
We see some areas, for example, the mortgages area or the investment banking area in financial services, we see some areas in Telco and Hi-Tech and some in Retail.
There is more variation we see in the European markets, more concerns on what is going on with the economy.
The US market is also there, but relatively less so in the US compared to Europe.
We will see how this plays out because this is not a scenario where it is the same for every industry.
5
Rishi Basu Nilanjan, the question on margin was attrition.
Nilanjan Roy Yes, so absolutely.
We have built a large, fresher pipeline.
They go through our training, like Salil mentioned, at Mysore.
And they are on bench now.
We are training them, reskilling them.
So, the question partly about do we need to hire more, so we have a very substantial bench.
So, we have some headroom there.
At one stage, we used to be closer to 7% of our revenue, we are at around 8.7%; utilization is another factor.
We continue to work on pricing, onsite-offshore, the pyramid itself, with the freshers coming in will help us.
So, these are the levers, we will have to deploy as we look ahead, in the next few quarters.
Rishi Basu Thank you, Nilanjan.
The next question is from Sajeet Manghat from BQ Prime.
Sajeet has a couple of questions.
For Salil, he wants to know, give us a sense of the demand environment in North America, UK, and Europe.
Nilanjan, your question is again on margins, which has already been answered.
So, I am not asking that again.
Salil Parekh On the demand environment, similar view.
I think we see different demand environment in different industries.
And even within some industries, there is a variation based on the client.
The size of the deals, as we see with $3.3 bn in large deals, we have a tremendous volume, 32 of those deals for this quarter.
So we do see a change in the environment.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next couple of questions are from ZEE Business, Kushal Gupta, and from Harshada Sawant from CNBC Awaaz.
Both are on client and IT budget spending, which we have already answered.
I will ask one question.
What is the sense you are getting from your 6
clients in terms of future pricing of deals?
How concerned are you about Europe and what impact could it have on deal flows ahead?
Salil Parekh Pricing, maybe Nilanjan will take.
I will take the question on Europe.
Europe, I think we mentioned earlier that there are differences within the European economies.
But even so, there is a factor of the industry.
So, I think this is a discussion we have by each client, and I think that is something which we will continue to work on irrespective for the year ahead.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Reuters News from Nandan Mandayam.
And also, if you could give us an insight into how you maintain around the same growth in Europe.
And lastly, could you give us an insight into what FY'24 hiring is going to look like, both in the fresher and lateral terms?
Salil Parekh So, on the BFSI, I think we do not have a definitive number in terms of when things are going to look different.
Again, we see differences.
There are other parts of Financial Services, which are not seeing those same constraints.
In terms of hiring, we have no comment today on our plans for FY'24.
Those things, in any case, we will not comment on the hiring number.
We will, at the end of the quarter, lay out the guidance for growth and margin for next year.
Nandan Mandayam 7
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from The New Indian Express, Uma Kannan.
And also, one more on automation that you spoke about just now.
So Infosys has good capabilities on automation, AI, ML, how are you looking at this AI chat bot as you have invested in OpenAI also?
So what will be the future or how does the future look like in AI?
Salil Parekh So I think the first part of the question was more on what we see the client spend in Q4.
I think our sense is the points that we have laid out with respect to different industries and different clients is what we are seeing right now in Q4.
What we see going ahead, we will describe for the financial year '24 as we come to the close of this year.
And we have been at the forefront of what is going on with automation.
On OpenAI, several years ago, Infosys had supported this initiative in a very small way through a donation.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Haripriya Suresh from Moneycontrol.
Haripriya Suresh Hi, good evening.
I have one follow-up on ChatGPT.
Just wanted to understand if Infosys at some point – I know OpenAI has since shifted from nonprofit to for-profit – will Infosys look 8
at putting more money?
And how do you think it will impact coding and service delivery as well?
And Nilanjan, just wanted to ask, last quarter, you had mentioned that in H1 FY'23, you had hired 40,000 freshers.
50,000 was the target for this year.
How many freshers were hired in Q3?
And has that target been revised?
Thank you.
We have no plans today which relate to anything in terms of an investment in any activity.
So we are working with several of them to make sure that we work with our clients on it.
Haripriya Suresh In terms of growth?
Salil Parekh On growth, we do not have a guidance for FY'24 at this stage.
What we have is really the focus on Q4 and for FY'23.
Nilanjan Roy Yes.
So, we have continued to hire.
Yes, I think about 46,000 we have done, if I am not mistaken.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Veena Mani from The Times of India.
Veena Mani Good evening gentlemen.
So, a couple of questions on the HR front.
And also on this quarter's variable pay, on an organization average level, what is it going to be?
And if it is 100%, what part of your workforce will be covered in that 100% variable pay bracket?
And, also on the utilization, excluding trainees, it is at 81.7%.
Nilanjan Roy 9
Yes, sure.
So, I will take the second and then the first one.
So, 81.7% utilization is largely because of our fresher's bench.
That is the biggest reason and because we have been hiring so many freshers through the year and putting them into training.
So, over a period of time, they will start going into production, because you cannot overnight put a new project and have them with all the freshers.
And so, we are ready to make that investment and then start leading them into the production projects and rotate existing headcount.
So, we are not so concerned.
The second thing about variable pay, we do not disclose the amount of variable pay during the quarter, and that is just something in the past we have looked at pay out to each quarter on performance.
Veena Mani Inaudible question Nilanjan Roy Yes, that is been going on.
Yes, absolutely.
In fact, one of the projects is about helping us during this attrition - this whole project internally about predictability of promotions, and that continues unabated as people reach a certain seniority.
And in certain levels, we are continuing that.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Sai Ishwar from The Economic Times.
Sai Ishwar Hi gentlemen, good evening.
Could you actually explain in which markets or in which functions are you gaining market share?
And also, could you tell us what worked this time?
Could you just give us more colour on the deal pipeline and the wins?
Thank you.
think we are ahead of the average.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Ayushman Baruah from The Financial Express.
Ayushman Baruah Hello.
So, most of the financials have been asked.
So, I have something from a technology point of view.
Last year, we spoke a lot about Metaverse, right?
Infosys has also invested into it.
So how do you see the adoption among clients?
Is it still in the initial phases?
Or have you seen the adoption pick up?
That is one.
And number two is that last year, we also heard a lot about moonlighting, right?
So over these months, has Infosys firmed up any policies around moonlighting yet?
Salil Parekh So, on Meta, I think we are starting to see, as we discussed last time, some projects, some programs, especially as it relates to AR, VR in the manufacturing context, on a shop floor context, in an education training context and maintenance context.
On people doing gig work, we have made a clear statement a while ago.
We are very much of that same view.
We have built internal capabilities to support that.
We have had a program, which internally we call Accelerate, which was put in place some years ago.
And that program is being used to make sure it is done.
We want to ensure, while doing all of that, client confidentiality is always maintained.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Haripriya Sureban from The Hindu BusinessLine.
Haripriya Sureban Hi guys.
Salil, you spoke about client spending.
But specifically, when it comes to cloud, we hear that people are taking a re-look at their cloud spend and maybe even rethinking how much they are spending on it.
So, what is it that you see on that front?
What is your reading on it?
And given the current environment, are customers looking at vendor consolidation?
And would that be helping you going forward?
Thanks.
Salil Parekh 11
On cloud, it is a significant part of what we see within our digital portfolio.
Haripriya Sureban And on vendor consolidation?
We see many large enterprises are starting to look at things which are more in selecting a very small set of partners.
And in many of those cases, Infosys becomes the preferred partner for our clients.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
We will move on to the next set of questions from journalists who have sent on text.
The first is from Jochelle Mendonca from ET Prime.
Jochelle's question is one thing that we have seen is Salesforce talking about a slowdown and there is talk about a slowdown on the hyperscaler side as well.
Given that you are a strategic partner to these companies, what are you hearing from them and your clients about the cloud, which has been a big driver of growth?
Salil Parekh On the cloud, I think it is similar to what we were just sort of mentioning.
Essentially, there is still emphasis on what is going on with the cloud.
There are just different parts of the industries that are doing things differently.
But in some other industries, it is less so.
Rishi Basu The other one was on the uncertainty.
12
And even today as our clients are looking at it, that capability will become more and more critical as and when the overall economy also changes.
That is something that we can work on with clients to rationalize what they are doing with their spend across the technology platform.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Shouvik Das from Mint.
And is this something that we expect to see in the coming quarters as well?
For Nilanjan, a couple of questions.
This was already asked.
And there is another question.
What is the reason for such movement in market metrics?
Nilanjan Roy Okay.
So, I will start with India.
So, India is a very small portion with about 2.5% of our global business is from India.
And a lot of the work we do with our clients is also volume and transaction-led.
So, you will see these pluses and minuses on a quarter basis on the growth figure.
But like as I again said, it is only 2.5% approximately our revenue.
The second one was about the revenue per person.
So that is just the math of the overall RPP as such.
So that’s a different way to look at the metric because we have also hired freshers during this time, who are sitting on bench and are in training in Mysore.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Shivani Shinde from Business Standard.
In continuation to the earlier question on cloud, can you give some colour on cloud deals?
If 13
Also, can you give some colour on the TCVs won this quarter?
Salil Parekh On the deals, first, the reported terms have a lot of currency in it.
So, we always look at our business on a constant currency terms.
So, the key for us there is the core is growing this quarter on a constant currency basis.
We don’t typically give out the average TCV on our deals.
On cloud deals, those really come back to what is the view of individual clients and within industries what’s happening and then the overlay of the cloud as an ecosystem.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Reshab Shaw from the Informist.
Going forward, do you see that changing?
Salil Parekh On Europe, to the earlier question about what is the overall economic environment like.
And we are seeing the benefits of that coming through today and also some of the large programs that we launched in that last 18-24 months' time frame.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Debasis Mohapatra from Deccan Herald.
Are large deals margin-dilutive in nature?
Nilanjan Roy Yes.
So, I think I have answered many of those.
So, we have given our margin walk on 21.5% sequentially as well.
You will see our overall strategy over the last four years since the large-deal strategy was put in place.
And 14
of course, new deals come into the funnel with lower margins, but that is a mechanism we have actually mastered, and I think that is something which we do every day.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Rohit Chintapali from Businessworld.
This is a similar question in case you want to add any more colour to it.
How do you plan to address these key markets as you expect tough times ahead?
Of course, the growth rates are different.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
The next question is from Harichandan Arakali from Forbes.
Two questions.
One is on hiring in the context of looming recession that I think, gentlemen, you have answered.
The next question is, while there is the nuance of Infosys Cobalt and other such capabilities which may be useful to clients, overall, what does the recruiting scene look like in the coming few months?
We have talked about the recruitment that we have done across this year already.
Rishi Basu Thank you.
With that, we come to the end of this Q&A session and the press conference.
We thank our friends from media for joining us today.
Thank you, Salil, thank you, Nilanjan.
Before we conclude, please note that the archived webcast of this press conference will be available on the Infosys website and on our YouTube channel later today.
Thank you very much and have a good evening.
15
