In FY 2023, our full year revenue grew at 17.6% in rupee terms, 13.7% in constant currency terms and 8.6% in dollar terms.
In the fourth quarter of financial year 2023, our revenue was `59,162 crore, which is a year-on-year growth of 16.9%.
In dollar terms, revenue was $7.195 billion, a year-on-year growth of 7.4%.
In constant currency, our revenue growth in Q4 was 10.7%.
For the full year, our revenue was `225,458 crore, which is a growth of 17.6% over the prior year.
In dollar terms, the reported revenue was $27.927 billion, a growth of 8.6%.
Constant currency revenue growth for the full year was 13.7%.
Our operating margin in Q4 stayed flat sequentially at 24.5%.
With supply-side challenges abating, we were able to further bring down our use of sub-contractors in Q4.
The benefit of that, other efficiencies and some currency gains was canceled out by higher on-site costs.
The supply side challenges during the year cost us another 1.4% and travel expenses went up by 0.3%.
This was mitigated by 0.5% of realization improvement, 0.5% of benefit from a flatter employee pyramid and 1.1% of currency benefit.
Our EPS grew 11.2% during the year.
It's worth noting that this has risen steadily from about 24% in FY 19 as more of our facilities come out of SEZ tax benefit.
The Board has recommended a final dividend of `24 per share, bringing the total dividend for the year to `115 per share.
We are honoring all the job offers and had a net addition of 821 employees in Q4 and 22,600 employees for the full year, resulting in a closing headcount of 614,795.
These numbers mask the full extent to which we had ramped-up our talent acquisition during the year to cope up with the unprecedented churn in the first half of the year.
Our investment in organic talent development continues to deliver exceptional outcomes.
Increased rigor and focus on external certifications resulted in 53,000 TCSes acquiring certifications on hyperscaler cloud skills during the year, bringing the : Page 3 of 24
Our cohort of contextual masters continues to expand and is currently over 62,000 strong.
We are also helping our mid-level employees gain market relevant skills, so that they can grow faster in TCS.
As more and more employees started returning to work in the course of the year, we have been ramping-up phygital training to enhance learning outcomes.
Over 80,000 employees have benefited from such in-person training in Q4.
Xcelerate, our industry recognized talent transformation platform has seen nearly 400,000 TCSes record their career aspirations, of which 100,000 are progressing towards their aspired role.
From an industry vertical perspective, growth in FY 23 was led by Retail and CPG (+19.7%) and Communications and Media (+14%).
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call April 12, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) grew by 13.7%, Life Sciences and Healthcare grew by 13.3%, Manufacturing grew by 13%, and BFSI by 11.8%.
Consequently, growth decelerated across all verticals.
Q4 growth was led by Retail and CPG, which grew by 13%, and Life Sciences and Healthcare which grew by 12.3%.
Other verticals grew in single digits.
Technology and Services grew by 9.2%, BFSI by 9.1%, Manufacturing by 9.1%, and Communication & Media by 5.3%.
In terms of geography, full-year growth was led by North America (+15.3%), UK (+15%) and Continental Europe (+11%).
In emerging markets, Latin America grew by 17.3%, India by 14.6%, Middle East and Africa by 7.8% and Asia-Pacific grew by 7.6%.
Q4 growth was also led by United Kingdom, where growth accelerated to 17%.
North America grew by 9.6%, while Continental Europe grew by 8.4%.
In emerging markets, Latin America grew by 15.1%, India by 13.4%, Middle East, Africa by 11.3% and Asia-Pacific by 7.5%.
Our industry-leading portfolio of products and platforms had a very good quarter.
Economic uncertainty is further driving customers to accelerate efficiency through automation.
This is resulting in increased investment in AIOps and AI/ML technologies.
ignio continues to be well-positioned as an end-to-end platform with point solutions for monitoring, AI/ML analytics, cloud hybrid infrastructure coverage, and so on.
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call April 12, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) TCS BaNCS™, our flagship product suite for financial services, had 2 new wins and 6 go lives during the quarter.
For a leading savings and investment company in the UK, we successfully completed the migration of annuity books sold by the customer to a specialist insurer onto TCS BaNCS, and also completed the first phase of migration from a heritage landscape to a public cloud.
Our Quartz blockchain platform has partnered with Bitcoin Suisse to build a next-generation crypto financial technology platform, supporting the latter’s journey of becoming the leading global crypto financial services provider.
TCS HOBS™, our suite of products for communications service providers, had 1 new win and 4 go lives.
TCS TwinX™, our digital twin solution, had 3 wins and 1 go live.
TCS iON had 23 new wins and 3 renewals in Q4.
Lastly, MasterCraft™ and Jile™ won 26 new clients in Q4.
As you are aware, our customer-centric business model rests on our ability to continually expand and deepen our client relationships.
In Q4, we added 2 more clients year on year in the $100 million+ band, bringing the total to 60; 30 more clients in the $50 million+ band, bringing the total to 133; 23 more clients in the $20 million+ band, bringing the total to 291; 22 more clients in the $10 million+ band, bringing the total to 461; 27 more clients in the : Page 6 of 24
At the same time, we saw clients launch more new initiatives oriented towards cost optimization or strategically important projects, resulting in a very strong deal flow and pipeline replenishment during the quarter.
In terms of demand trends, we saw a spike in operating model transformation deals.
In FY 23, we signed 29 large operating model transformation deals, business as well as IT operations, compared to 18 in the prior year.
We also continue to see vendor consolidation and multi-service deals.
TCS Cognix™, our suite of over 600 pre-built automation components, is gaining traction because it significantly accelerates the operations transformation and helps clients realize their ROI much earlier, all the more relevant in the current environment.
In FY23, Cognix helped win over $1.6 billion of TCV.
The program helped substantially bring down instances of unreconciled entries, improve key metrics stability and speeded up key processes.
This resulted in a robust operating model that delivered higher levels of certainty with uninterrupted and enhanced services for its customers.
The superior quality of service contributed to industry-leading customer satisfaction, improved NPS and lower churn.
In Q4, we won an all-time high number of large operations transformation deals.
The program aims to digitize and automate business processes to drive efficiencies and cost optimization across the enterprise.
Similarly, Delta Airlines has partnered with TCS on solutions around cognitive business operations and cloud management to better enable enterprise resiliency and reliability.
The other demand driver is cloud transformation, which remains a very strong focus area for our clients and a key growth driver for us.
During the year, clients engaged us to take up their more complex, bigger workloads and accelerate the modernization and migration to the cloud.
This trend continued in Q4 and we won several new deals around this field.
A leading global software company has partnered with TCS to enable its SaaS business model and GTM strategy.
This migration is helping the clients make their product suite cloud vendor agnostic, and thereby more attractive to their end customers.
A large US commercial property and casualty insurance company selected TCS for its multi-year application modernization and cloud migration journey to gain competitive advantage and business resiliency.
This has rendered the client's application stack future ready and ready to support new business models for product rollouts.
The modernization has also improved business resiliency with 99% improvement in application availability and enhanced security.
Leveraging its contextual knowledge, TCS transformed critical business functions on the new multi-cloud platform and implemented TCS Cloud Exponence to provide orchestration and 24/7 management.
Flight Center's new technology backbone has enhanced its resilience, improved its time to market and gives it the ability to drive business transformation and capitalize on new opportunities.
Moving on to growth and transformation, clients continue to invest in new initiatives designed to support their business growth strategy, either through innovative business models, new services or by targeting new market segments using technology.
A large food retailer in the UK partnered with TCS to implement a technology initiative critical to its asset-light growth strategy of expanding through franchise stores.
TCS leveraged its domain expertise and contextual knowledge of the client's application and IT landscape to design a new platform that brings franchise stores on par with owned stores through advanced automated multi-level forecasts and replenishment capabilities to streamline inventory across their supply chain.
It provides greater visibility of sales and stock movement, agility in introducing new products and even flexibility to convert owned stores to franchise stores.
The new platform enables rapid onboarding of new existing franchise stores and enabling the client to accelerate the expansion of its franchise network and drive growth.
In Q4, we won a new deal from Bridgestone Americas, the leading US-based tire manufacturer and an existing client.
They have engaged us to transform and expand their subscription-based mobility offerings globally.
TCS will help define a global template for the subscription business, catering to the different lines of business and enable new business models across different markets, driving the company's global expansion.
Clients continued to push ahead with cloud migration, operations transformation and other strategic G&T initiatives.
A global information services company partnered with TCS to launch a new commercial fraud solution for banks and other financial services firms and drive new revenues for the client.
The solution offers a much more comprehensive set of capabilities compared to competing products, resulting in a good offtake of the solution.
Within the first few months since its launch, the new solution has been adopted by the top 10 banks in the US, and customers have reported a 62% improvement in fraud detection.
A US-headquartered global bank partnered with TCS to transform its new card launch process to gain market share and drive growth.
This has enabled the bank to launch new products 70% faster.
Moreover, the reimagined product design workbench is resulting in better, more competitive products and has driven a 10% increase in new-to-bank customers.
The simplified landscape and centralized risk control framework has enhanced regulatory compliance.
Instant provisioning of verified risk parameters is also helping improve certainty in credit origination surface.
Enhancing customer experience on digital channels continues to be a key trend.
TCS will leverage its deep contextual knowledge and coinnovation model to assist TD to launch new capabilities designed to help deepen the bank's relationship with its customers, enhance the bank's selfservice features and empower its customers and advisors with easy access to insights and improved tools.
This is expected to help TD enhance its agility, deliver richer customer experience and drive greater digital adoption among its customers.
Leveraging our deep domain knowledge in the area of ESG and sustainable finance, the TCS team designed a new cloud-based solution that makes highquality ESG data available to internal stakeholders, for more accurate insights on sustainability, sustainability and ESG performance of their deals and products.
Moving on to deal wins, we had a strong order book in Q4 with a TCV of $10 billion, a book-to-bill ratio of 1.4.
Our Q4 order book contains an all-time high number of deals with TCV above $50 million.
In other words, we have been able to build up an equally large order book without as many mega deals in the mix.
This implies faster revenue conversion compared to last year's order book and gives us better visibility into growth next year.
Krithi, congratulations on the innovation and best wishes for the period ahead.
There appears to be a sharp change in demand commentary.
If you look at where the impact has come from, I would say that we shared with you in the last quarter's comments, beginning of this year, that while there was softness in US in Q3, that is our Q3, calendar Q4, we expected that it would significantly pick up in the New Year.
That sentiment trigger obviously was to a large extent what happened on the banking side in US, but it has also been across the board.
Areas like Retail in the US are reflecting the sentiment of the local market and especially on the expectation from what's going on in the credit terms.
We expected it to come back strongly in the New Year.
But as we mentioned, the order book has been quite strong, in fact one of the highest order books that we have in the recent past.
And like we also commented, the order book is less lengthy and it has more smaller deals or short duration deals, which means the revenue conversion could be even higher.
But we are comfortable with the medium to long-term spend looking at our order book.
So the demand still is strong and order book quality is good.
So that gives us the confidence that medium to long term, things will be stronger and better.
All of us have been working with this organization for so many years and all of us have a good understanding.
Number two is that it can further accelerate the adoption of technology, including those which are at the frontier areas of innovation.
We are quite excited about it.
Many quarters ago, I think at one of the analyst calls, I mentioned that AI/ML has the potential to fundamentally change the way that we deliver software to our clients.
We are quite excited with the opportunity of delivering proven code, either you can call it a low code, no code, zero code, but -- or a generative AI kind of a software, but the result is, a software that generates software.
I think we'll build such an expertise around that capability, around the toolset, and stay relevant to our clients' expectations.
So the deals are cooked in a way that they can also get benefits immediately.
So that gives us the confidence that there will be faster revenue conversion.
I don't know whether we can say that all cost and optimization deals will be larger.
And you made an interesting point in the press meet that many of your clients, which are the large US banks are benefiting because of recent banking issues and the consequent deposit flight.
So if the banking situation doesn't materially escalate from here on and as and when the negative sentiments received, could this be a net positive outcome for TCS over the next 12 to 18 months, given some of the key clients are actually becoming stronger with a further possibility of M&A integration related spend?
We have a very strong presence in the banking sector and we will continue to work with our clients closely to bring in solutions by which they can leverage the market conditions and leverage extra deposits they get.
And Rajesh all the best for future endeavors.
Or do you believe FY '24 may have a soft growth across all the four quarters?
At the same time, we are comfortable with the order book we see.
So that gives us the confidence that many of these projects will get done in a short period of time and we'll be able to realize the revenue.
With supply-side issues abating, whether it is fair to say the margin management could be better in FY '24 versus FY '23, or it is hard to say : Page 16 of 24
Samir Seksaria: In the current quarter, we had increases in the onsite manpower cost item.
But yes, the way we are exiting the subcontractor cost side of it should be helpful.
And we should be able to further double down on that.
I just wanted to understand what is driving the growth in the UK market?
And if that is the case, would that be a template that US also can follow once there is some sort of clarity either way, either on the discretionary side or on the cost takeout side, things could quickly come back and the growth can resume?
That was a combination of cost takeout as well as a massive movement onto the cloud to be able to make their whole enterprise stack agile, so that they can introduce new products faster and respond to market conditions differently.
Similarly, in the utility sector, we have spoken about how the market regulator is moving to introduce greater competition and greater agility there.
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call April 12, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) with the Rail Delivery Group, which is another regulator on the transportation side, which is also moving massively to leverage data and introduce greater agility, and use the data to improve overall efficiency of the system and to enable newer entrants to come in and to offer services.
As you know, we are the largest services provider in the UK market by a margin and that is playing to our advantage because our ability to shape the opportunity and to participate in it is very very significant.
Interestingly, it is happening not just on the private side, but on the public sector and the semipublic sector side also, where also our participation is very high.
US companies as an overall ecosystem are also much more dynamic, much more decisive in moving and much more risk taking.
But conceptually, our entire business model is predicated on the belief that what we are seeing in UK is likely to play out in market after market, where technology leverage will only keep on increasing rather than decreasing, in any scenario, whether it is a challenges scenario or a growth scenario.
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call April 12, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) Rajesh Gopinathan: Actually, deal velocity has not reduced.
In fact, if anything, it has accelerated, especially in Europe.
We have seen significant acceleration in decision making on deals in Europe.
If you look at deals greater than $50 million, we have closed more deals in this quarter in Europe than what we did in the first three quarters of the year.
Coming to the pipeline, there too we had shared with you in the past that in Europe, though the decision making was slow, the pipeline buildup was very steady and very encouraging.
But this quarter, decision making in Europe has increased.
It's very encouraging because initially, we told you about how the sentiment had turned incrementally positive in Europe, both on their overall economic side, having dealt with the winter positively, receding fears on an energy crisis and also increasing optimism on the China scenario.
So that positive sentiment has resulted now in increasing deal closures.
US also, our TCV has been very strong.
And it has been strong through the quarter, even in March.
In fact, in this year, our new client TCV in the US has been a record high.
In fact, as I said, one specific market, Europe, it has actually accelerated.
Pankaj Kapoor: So is it fair to assume that events of last few weeks actually had an impact more in terms of client just pausing ongoing projects, which is the reason why we saw the impact on the reported revenues, but the deal decision making has not been impacted?
And this year in FY '23, your ACV growth would have been better than the TCV growth, which gives you more confidence on your faster conversion of order book to revenue for next year.
Secondly, Rajesh, you mentioned that the sentiment in Europe has kind of improved and that has reflected in better velocity of the deal flows.
Is it fair to say that at least for the next two quarters, the growth drivers for overall revenue will be more led by Europe than the US?
In BFSI, we are seeing good traction in Nordics and Benelux.
Overall, the sentiment is improving.
We are not saying that it has become strong overnight that it will drive our growth.
It's improving.
And, is that a fair assessment from a margin perspective in the sense that it takes about a quarter or two to reflect that the cost structure and the better margins from overall company standpoint?
As you know, our reliance on contingent labor has significantly increased, mainly because of the various travel restrictions and supply side challenges in the local market.
We have quite a distance to go to bring it back to our desired operating range, and we will continue to do that, relying on improvements in the travel and visa availability.
Once we have that, we will again have a greater ability to flex up and down depending on where the demand is.
We are executing on that, which positions us well in the current environment.
And, if it reduces, we will keep on systematically bringing this down, benefiting margins because it is typically more costly than our long-term employee base.
And the actual pipeline replenishment continues to be quite strong.
Ravi Menon: And you had talked last quarter of a more normalized annual gross hiring of around 125,000 to 150,000 people as attrition normalizes.
I hope, this should be an easier than what Rajesh had.
Last quarter, we mentioned that the growth in the retail vertical last quarter was primarily driven by the travel vertical.
On the Retail side, TTH [Travel Transportation and Hospitality] continues to do well.
Especially in this quarter, most segments have done well.
Essential retail has done well.
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call April 12, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) So overall, most segments are doing well with Travel and Hospitality outperforming within that, and North America retail underperforming.
We are pleased with our FY 23 performance, growing at 17.6% in rupee terms and 13.7% in constant currency terms.
However, we have had a very strong order book with an all-time high number of large deals.
Lastly, I want to thank all of you for all the positive sentiment that you’ve shown.
It's been an absolute pleasure interacting with all of you and anticipating and reacting to your questions.
So, thank you for that goodwill and that attention that you've given us.
