Our full year operating margin was at 24.1%, a contraction of 1.2% over the prior year.
In terms of headwinds, our annual wage increase set us back by 1.6%.
Our accounts receivable was at 65 DSO in dollar terms, down 1 day sequentially.
Our LTM attrition in IT services was at 20.1%, down 1.2% sequentially, but still very high because it reflects the unprecedented levels of churn in prior quarters.
Our quarterly annualized attrition on the other hand, fell by over 4% sequentially and by close to 10% from the peak level in Q2.
In Q4, customer sentiment across BFSI, Retail and Technology services verticals, particularly in Europe and US, was one of caution.
We saw clients deferring newer initiatives which were not critical, and in some cases, completely halt discretionary projects.
Anxiety around the stability of the banking sector in March also added to the uncertainty.
The increased caution in Q4 resulted in a deceleration in many markets, but not in the United Kingdom.
In his segmental commentary, NGS spoke of the cautious stance that many of our clients have taken, particularly in North America and Europe.
On the one hand, we saw clients hitting the pause button on ongoing discretionary projects and deferring new non-critical projects, affecting our revenue growth in Q4 across most industry verticals in North America and Europe.
Flight Center Travel Group’s, 30+ travel companies across the world faced varying pace of travel recovery, creating a need for flexibility and ability to scale fast.
While we saw some softness in BFSI in North America due to discretionary spending being put on hold, all of the demand trends that Rajesh spoke about are very visible in BFSI as well.
It was using multiple risk models across its different portfolios, resulting in greater complexity, slower decision making and higher compliance risk.
Processing time for consumer credit request is down from 10 days to 2, enhancing customer satisfaction and driving growth.
And that's just adequate caution on the client's part resulting in softness in Q3.
That expectation has not borne out.
It has, in fact, turned incrementally even more negative.
So, if you look at areas like Manufacturing, especially on the process and industrial side, that is reflecting the weakness from a more global perspective.
And the weakness is not just coming out of the BFSI, it is coming across sectors in North America.
K. Krithivasan: Like Rajesh mentioned, there has been weakness in BFSI because of the market uncertainty in the last quarter.
K. Krithivasan: It's obvious that if the uncertainty continues clients will also continue to weigh their priorities.
So looking at your commentary, it seems that there could be a near-term pressure or caution from clients’ side in terms of the IT spend.
As we called out, Q4 has been soft because of the uncertainties.
But we cannot take away the fact that there could be some transformation project or discretionary project that could get cancelled if there is a further deterioration of the sentiment.
And also question about FY 24 margin, because FY 23 margin has been impacted by supply-side issue.
Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call April 12, 2023, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) because of the global pressure, especially on the inflation side, which can impact the on-site wage hike?
We had called out delays earlier but in Q4, we have seen an acceleration.
So there is nothing that shows that deal flow has actually slowed down.
We have not seen deal flow slow down.
You mentioned subcontractor replacement was the reason, but I'm just wondering, wouldn't that be already baked in when you spoke of the 25% exit margin in the previous call, and the currency tailwind that we saw was not anticipated?
It is also due to customer sentiments turning increasingly negative from where we started off at the beginning of the calendar year to what we saw in February and March.
When discretionary projects are paused, that has an immediate impact on the revenues while we continue to incur the related costs in the short term.
So, first question, just going back to the conversion of the order book to revenue, just to get it a little better, is it fair to say that last year you ended the order book on TCV basis, a particular growth, your ACV growth would have been slower than that?
So, to make a generic statement that Europe would turn out to be more positive will not be appropriate.
A combination of high demand and significant dislocation on the supply side had resulted in a significant increase in our dependence on contingent labor.
We are about 25% lower than our peak contingent labor reliance in the North America geography.
This is similar to what Pankaj asked that the way the deals have come through, you know, it shows that the demand environment has not really changed, but the quarters of early growth, it has become pretty negative.
I mean I'm sure the TCS management has been through similar kinds of downturn before and come out of that challenge as well.
So typically, in these kind of economic slowdowns or downturns, do clients end up asking for pricing discounts or do competitors resort to some pricing under cuts, which basically forces us also to maybe follow them, which would impact the profitability or the growth or both in this kind of a scenario?
Some parts of discretionary retail and fashion have been challenged.
North America retail has been quite weak, whereas North America travel continues to do well.
The steadily deteriorating macro environment has meant decelerating second half.
Our operating margin in Q4 was flat sequentially at 24.5%, and our net margin was at 19.3%.
On the people front, LTM attrition in IT services further fell to 20.1%.
