The domestic MHCV industry witnessed a Y-o-Y growth of about 3% in Q1, backed by a favorable macroeconomic environment and a strong replacement demand.
Healthy growth in the end-user industries like cement, steel and infrastructure as well as improvement in general manufacturing activity and consumption trends continue to stand in favor of demand from fleet operators.
Good pick-up in bus demand has also augured well for the industry.
Ashok Leyland Limited July 24, 2023 We expect the growth trajectory to improve going forward.
Significant allocation towards capital expenditure in the Union Budget 2023-24 would continue to provide the necessary traction to MHCV demand in the near to medium term.
Overall, we maintain our earlier guidance of 8% to 10% growth for MHCV and 5% to 6% growth for LCV for the entire fiscal year FY '24.
The commodity prices moved marginally northwards in Q4 of last fiscal.
It is expected that commodity prices would soften in the coming months.
Ashok Leyland has been able to beat industry growth in Q1 as well in both the MHCV and the addressable LCV segments.
On top of that, we have also been able to raise prices consistently, including a price hike in Q1 this year.
What is good to see is that the retention of such increases is improving.
We are also putting efforts in reducing our costs, both the product cost as well as overheads.
All these are visible in our Y-o-Y margin improvement.
Switch presence is growing, and I'm happy to share that our electric products are performing extremely well.
Ashok Leyland Limited July 24, 2023 16 ton and 18 ton, 24 feet, 4225 MAV, and 13.5 meter bus with 19.5 ton GVW, thereby expanding our range further.
I'm extremely confident that with these launches, and the continued network expansion, we will add on to the market share gains achieved in the last few quarters.
In Q1, our MHCV volumes have grown at 7% on Y-o-Y basis as against the industry growth of 3%, resulting in market share improvement for Ashok Leyland.
Bus TIV volumes grew by 39% and the corresponding growth for Ashok Leyland in Bus segment was at 93%.
Bus market share has improved for Ashok Leyland from 20.2% last year to 28.1% now, that is by 7.9%.
Truck TIV was almost flat in Q1, and AL volumes have grown, resulting in a market share improvement of 0.6% from 31.1% last year to 31.7% in Q1 this year.
Our Q1 LCV volumes have grown by 3% over last year, that is in current year, Q1 was at 14,821 numbers versus previous year Q1 of 14,384 numbers.
We did 2,222 numbers in Q1 in the current year versus 2,527 numbers in Q1 in the previous year.
But relatively speaking, our performance in IO is still better as overall CV exports out of India has declined sharply this quarter.
Good performance in aftermarket sales continued in Q1.
617 crores grew by 34% over same period last year, which was at Rs.
Ashok Leyland Limited July 24, 2023 Volumes under Power Solutions business have doubled in Q1.
Our PAT was up more than 7x at Rs.
1,522 crores as of June '23, primarily supporting the increased activity levels.
But there seems to be more confidence that lower discounting in the CV industry can sustain for a longer period of time.
But we have an opinion that currently, CV industry is poised for a lot of change.
But generally, the feeling at least right now is that people want to maintain healthier practices and look at value selling, look at generating more profits, so that we can all, as an industry, also invest in the new things that are upon us in the future.
So it makes a lot of strategic sense to participate there.
And just your thought process around sort of competitive intensity there, I think the zero-ton to 2-ton LCV market is more competitive than sort of the 2-ton to 8-ton segments.
As you said, it is a very attractive large sized market.
And having now achieved more than 20% market share in a relatively short period in 2-ton to 3.5-ton gives us confidence that we can be active player in the sub-2-ton as well.
Kapil Singh: Congratulations on a strong set of results.
I think the momentum, the pulse on the ground is very strong.
The momentum is going well.
We are still happy that we had a marginal growth in the MHCV segment, but especially in the Bus segment, there was tremendous growth in the market.
As I said in my opening comments that we still maintain our guidance that we gave last time of 8% to 10% growth for MHCV and 5% to 6% roughly for LCV for the entire year.
And therefore, we think that the momentum would actually further increase going into quarter 2, quarter 3 and so on.
And second, if you could just talk about as you look ahead over the next two to three years, we have talked about market share, further expansion to around 35%; and margins, we are aspiring to get to 15%, margin right?
Ashok Leyland Limited July 24, 2023 Shenu Agarwal: Kapil, there is a lot of opportunity that Ashok Leyland has.
North and East, although we gained substantially last year, but still, we are like, 25% range there, although we have improved from 20% to 25% now.
But we definitely want to improve our market share in North and East to roughly 30% or more.
And if we can do that, definitely, we could be touching close to 35% overall.
Even in product segments, we have a huge opportunity in some of the specific segments.
We have substantially improved in Q1 in ICV buses, and we want to continue to do that.
So I mean, we have our play very well understood.
And we hope, I mean, just, if we continue to focus on the fundamentals, whether it is product segments or establishing the right network or getting our network right in the white spaces, we have right now, I think, we can move towards that number of 35% in the next few years.
As far as margins are concerned, I think, in the analyst meet last month, we said in the near term, we want to achieve a double-digit EBITDA.
So I mean, we are happy that in Q1, we could achieve double-digit EBITDA actually because a lot of things worked in our favor.
So yes, I mean, we have a pretty healthy order book that we are going to now focus on executing.
The gross margin expansion of 200-basis-point despite some cost push, it's quite strong.
And more specifically, when I look at the remainder of the year, you've got better operating leverage yet to play out.
Will we be decisively able to improve where we are in quarter 1?
One, of course, if you look at the general industry trend, there has been a softening of steel prices.
But even there in Q1, there was a slight amount of steel price increase.
But the pace of growth of steel price increases happened from Q1 of last year to Q3, Q4 and then coming off has been helping the industry.
But that is the upside.
And net price realizations have approximately gone up per quarter, say, by about 1.5%, 2%, and of course, there is a mix impact etc.
The second thing that has happened is, last year, as we have shared with you, we had embarked on a huge cost reduction viz., material cost reduction program, which is, we had looked at bulk buying, consolidating vendors, alternative design, changing some of the bells and whistles, which were actually helping to drive performance, but at the same time, getting, which was enhancing performance, but also bringing down cost.
But we were saying that, can we hit a 10% margin in the first quarter?
So three factors: much better revenues than last Q1 of last year where we then ended up with 4.4%.
Second one is consistent price enhancements that have been able to deliver better net realizations.
Third one is cost reductions on the material front, which has resulted in the gross margin expansion.
One, price increases, for example, if you do it quarter-on-quarter-on-quarter sequentially, they have an impact as we move forward.
That is step ladder method of actually incremental improvement in the naturalization that will happen.
Ashok Leyland Limited July 24, 2023 Similarly, when you do cost reduction, there is a reverse step ladder method, maybe a defending step ladder method, where the costs start to come out quarter-on-quarter.
So to be candid with you, in the forthcoming quarters, we are expecting the benefits of the cost reduction initiatives that we have been doing for the past few quarters.
So that would actually add on to the profitability for the industry also.
So we believe that if the industry were to grow at about 10% to 12%, which is not at all bad, if you look at the 45% or 48% growth that the industry has posted last year.
I think riding on that volume base, the industry growth, say, even by 10% this year, there is scope for margin expansion.
And then after that comes in the operating leverage and the other benefits that you can get.
That's good to hear.
Pramod Kumar: Congratulations on a great set of number.
Because looking at the Q-o-Q model mix and the way the volumes have come off, and the ASP looks like your non-vehicle side of the business has done very well.
Otherwise, we would have registered even a higher volume in PSB.
Although overall, we are doing well.
And in the whole year also, we would register a significant growth in our PSB volumes.
But just for a quarter 1 perspective, you have to just keep in mind that some pre-buying has happened in quarter Q1.
And therefore, you are seeing very high growth percentages in the defense business.
Now even in the last call, we said that defense pipeline is now building up sharply.
And I think the pipeline is building up very robustly.
So for FY '24 and even for FY '25, we see very healthy defense volumes to happen.
On part sales, we are very, very happy and also very confident that we have not just registered a very good increase or growth in our parts business, but we also continue to do so.
Last year, we did about 30% growth or more than 30% growth in our parts business.
And even in this quarter, you have seen that the parts business has grown beyond 30%.
This is really not just about the growth itself, but it also, I think, reflects how our network is spreading overall and how our market share is getting more-and-more spread out even in North and East areas.
But yes, overall, on non-vehicle business, we are very optimistic.
Pramod Kumar: And second question is on the discounting side because the discounting scenario has seen a big change over the last three to four quarters.
Gopal Mahadevan: You see, this quarter also we raised prices by 2%, yes, net.
Because quarter-on-quarter, if you look at four quarters, average, we would have raised prices by 1.5% to 2%, right?
So sequentially, it would have had about 10% of price increases that is happening.
So that the industry is also holding, which is good for us because that means that the industry is able to absorb these prices and still deliver a marginally higher growth, which is good.
Pramod Kumar: And then, Gopal, do you expect this is like, something which you've not seen historically, even forget after the last two, three years were discounting went out of control, and now you're having a great run on pricing.
But we never seen this kind of very strong pricing in this industry for the longest period of time.
Gopal Mahadevan: 2018-19 was a good year, yes.
2017-18, 2018-19, while the discounting was happening, net price realizations in the BS IV regime were actually getting better.
The margins for the industry was good.
Pramod Kumar: But that was on a lower cost structure as well.
The content cost was much lower than where we are today.
But if you look at the price increasing velocity because it's one thing to -- because it ultimately adds up, right?
I'm just trying to understand from a very high discounting-led environment where net pricing was actually collapsing to environment where net pricing is going up sharply.
But what has happened is, unfortunately, the cost of the vehicle went up by approximately 20% to 22% in Q1 of FY '20.
Last year, there're a lot of pent-up demand, so to speak, started to happen.
Because we must understand India suddenly turned into a highgrowth economy.
So the industry, I think the demand suddenly started to ease of last year.
That is why the industry grew by about 45% to 48%.
Ashok Leyland Limited July 24, 2023 happening, when some of the players decided that no, we don't need to actually keep discounting to acquire customers, then we saw the price realizations holding on.
Because what will happen is the same amount of volume or even a slightly lesser amount of volume can give good margins.
So this, along with the commodity prices coming off, operating leverage kicking in and better pricing that has happened over the last several, say, six to eight quarters, all of this should see better profitability for the industry.
And I mean, in all humility, we have been actually posting better results at least until now.
So that, the investors understand this better.
To be candid, the team is now working on how do we improve the profitability of the intermediate commercial vehicles even further.
As far as the heavier commercial vehicle is concerned, all I can tell you is that the higher the tonnage of the vehicle, the better is the margin, because the realizations per ton improves.
So AVTR range has actually been a big success on three grounds, I would say.
So here, the AVTR, I think as a product has had exceptional acceptance by customers.
The second one is the complexity of production has come off quite a bit, which is why we are able to increase our throughput on production and even though the tonnage of vehicles has gone up and serviceability also goes up.
The third one, as far as AVTR range is concerned, is that the -- we possibly will see the benefits, and we are seeing the benefits of the complexity of production actually coming down in terms of number of parts, the assembly of vehicles, the number of vendors, the inventory that we need to carry.
But I think, we are seeing that the market is gradually going to move towards more-and-more of electric.
And our product range is much expanded today, and we are still working on the bus portfolio.
The second bit of it, I would say, is that the bus portfolio actually is becoming more-and-more profitable.
So what happens is that, we are seeing that there is a margin improvement.
The STU has actually grown by about 55%.
And also, you will see private passenger transportation going up when intercity starts to grow further.
There seems to be a substantial movement in the net debt from a net cash position to a net debt from March to June.
In the first quarter, the working capital actually becomes positive.
But otherwise, the collections are also pretty high.
And complementing that, you have the vendors, the current liabilities, which goes up.
And when that happens, the working capital turns from negative to positive, which is why approximately Rs.
But Among that, we, I think, have also provided some support in terms of, I think, about Rs.
And this will, again, start to stabilize.
And in the fourth quarter, again, we'll gain.
But what happens is year-on-year, we will actually see that the net cash generation is getting better.
And now it has increased more to support the activity.
It has increased to nine days.
And this is primarily because of the working capital movement, which has gone up from minus one day or minus two days to now plus nine days, is 11 days, that is attributing to the change in the debt situation.
And it will keep improving.
As you see, now quarter-on-quarter, it will keep improving.
And then finally, we'll end up in the better than what we did in the last financial year Q4.
But Switch business plan will continue because this company is going to come out with some very good launches, both here and in UK.
And you know that Switch has participated in some of these tenders, especially in the last leg of tenders, and we have won some of those tenders as well.
We need to enhance our market presence in India.
We need to grow our exports further.
Long-term contracts, great annuities, payment mechanisms are mature, costs have come down.
They have even got better than grid rates.
If they find that they have got a better arbitrage opportunity, better funding capability, better rates coming from banks, and if they believe that they can run it more efficiently, they will buy the vehicle of us, like buses are being run today.
So yes, I mean, like I said in my opening comments and later even, last year was not a good year, but we do expect FY '24 and FY '25 to be very good years.
There are some that we have already won.
Ashok Leyland Limited July 24, 2023 So overall, I mean, without disclosing the specific details of what is coming up, overall, it seems like we will have a good pipeline on defense for at least next couple of years, including this year.
If you look at the past historical trends from quarter 1 to quarter 4 margin trajectory, if what you are indicating plays out on the industry side, we have generally seen 400 bps to 600 bps sequential margin improvement from Q1 to Q4.
Whenever industry volumes every quarter, as it keeps on moving up, margin trajectory for the industry tends to move up in this bank.
And that has been possible for the reasons of the efforts that the company has taken, the pricing that the industry has been able to do, the company has been able to roll out, the cost on the material side that has come off.
And we are also able to rein in our overhead so that you can see the benefits of it coming.
Company will always attempt to perform better than the industry in all fronts, whether it is on products, whether it is on market penetration, market share, pricing, etc.
I think Q4 profitability can be significantly enhanced from the Q1 levels.
And then you know that we had this unprecedented inflation for about six quarters to eight quarters in FY '21 onwards, right?
And that increased our material cost as a percentage of sales tremendously.
So we were like in BS III era, roughly around FY '17, FY '18, we were still around 69% in material cost as a percentage of sales, which actually went up to like roughly around 78% by FY '22 in just a span of six years.
And I think what was good about last year, as you know, that industry had a major tailwind coming out of COVID and coming out of other factors.
Ashok Leyland Limited July 24, 2023 So I think, last year was a kind of a typical year where the industry grew 48% in trucks, even in heavy-duty trucks and even in LCVs.
And on top of that, there was a very strong price realization benefit that also happened.
The industry, we are not saying industry which is growing, again grow by 48% in MHCV, we are saying 8% to 10%, on last year's pace.
And also price realizations would not be to such a high extent.
Now most of the effort going forward, although I'm not saying we will not increase the price, we have increased the price in Q1, and we'll look at other opportunities whenever they come in.
But the effort, I think, the focus would be now onwards more on cost reductions than how we can reduce our cost.
Q1 has been good for Ashok Leyland in terms of MHCV market share gains and margins.
Even on the LCV front, we had a gain in our market share.
Overall, a good run continued in Q1 for Ashok Leyland.
Contribution from defense, LCV, Aftermarket and Power Solutions was also very supportive in the overall performance.
Revenue mix was also very favorable.
Price recovery and cost savings went as per our plans, This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
Ashok Leyland Limited July 24, 2023 and we are quite satisfied with those.
With the robust economic growth outlook as well as the increased outlay on infrastructure, we expect a good demand situation going forward as well.
Softness on commodity cost is expected to continue for the subsequent quarters, which should help with our margins going forward.
Given this backdrop, we hope to continue with a good run, both on margins and on market share.
