The growth in MHCV segment is slightly muted, owing to the effect of some pre-buying in Q4 of last year, because of implementation of OBD2 norms from April 1, this year.
IO sales have registered a 12% decline in Q1 Y-o-Y, consequent to the meltdown in many economies around the world.
That is at 8,776 numbers in Q1 this year versus 4,381 numbers in Q1 previous year.
8,189 crores, 13% higher than Q1 of last year at Rs.
So over the past sort of seven to eight years, I think, there have been maybe a few instances where discounting slowed down a little bit.
Firstly, I wanted to talk about industry growth, because first quarter has been soft.
I think, the growth was a little bit muted like, we explained in the last call as well that there could be some pre-buying in Q4, and therefore, this quarter, it was expected that the growth would be slightly muted.
As far as market share is concerned, I mean, we have been talking about the disparity in our market shares when we look at geographical market shares.
First quarter typically is not a great quarter for the industry.
And this quarter, we ended up with a 10% EBITDA, Q1 versus Q1.
Over and above that is the play that if steel prices were to come up, and I think the general consensus from external reports is that the second half of the year, steel prices are going to be soft.
So after that in the second half, steel prices are going to get soft.
Ashok Leyland Limited July 24, 2023 Gopal Mahadevan: See, I would only say that in this quarter, we have actually brought down inventory levels a little bit because we are very kind of very nimble quarter in this inventory management.
Ashok Leyland Limited July 24, 2023 Coming to defense business, yes, last year was not a very good year for defense.
But just see that in context of the last year, which was not very good, right?
So the base for itself was not so good.
And where are we today as in -- just trying to understand how much of this profitability delta has come from discounting reduction alone?
Definitely, discounting has, in absolute terms between last year and this year itself have come down by This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings.
So then the situation went southwards as further discounting happening for a very limited customer demand.
So if this continues, the industry's breakeven point, I'm not just talking about Leyland's, the industry's breakeven point will come down quite sharply.
Absolutely, I would say, in certain cases, above industry, there is a clear demand pull on the product from the industry.
Because we have possibly over the past several years, we have been talking about negative working capital at the year-end.
So what happens is on the current asset side, it is actually, it comes down quite low.
So the net working capital becomes negative, right?
In the month of April, May, June, what happens is that the demand is actually lower than what it is in the fourth quarter.
As we go forward, in the second and third quarter, again, it will plateau.
Our debt, we were in a surplus cash position, if you recall at the yearend, Rs.
And how does it differ from your existing business?
Except for one year or two years of exceptions where margins were more or less stable.
Ashok Leyland Limited July 24, 2023 quarter, when we have actually done a 10% double-digit EBITDA, just 1% lower than the sequential quarter, okay, just 1%, the revenues are actually Rs.
Which means, it's roughly 30% lower, but the margins have actually not deleveraged that much at all.
And that built up our cost significantly.
